i want you to learn korean so that we can talk to each other in korean.
i want to look around this warehouse for about an hour.
i want to experience a korean skin peeling bath, but would it be possible?
it will be truly honored for us to work with you.
i was surprised to hear that you are using korean exclamation.
at that time, i was worried that i might make a wrong order with my poor english skills.
let's make a korean food website together, you and me.
i will buy you a lot of makgeolli when you come to korea.
i want to be the first reason that you want to come to korea.
give me the document with comments as you have commented.
please tell me your korean phone number when you come to korea.
i will sue all the online haters someday.
you can also take sticker pictures when you lend hanbok.
you asked me for money giving me some plausible reasons.
you can enjoy house-roasted coffee and brunch in here.
would it be possible for you to come an hour earlier before the game starts?
after that, he came to korea and worked as a congressman.
after i found out that my brother's dream was also a pilot, i decided to study with him.  
i think he will only need one more training.
but you said that you can't send money because you didn't make a contract with korea.
i think the employees need to have a little more strict training.
let's all have more interest in korean traditional games.
i thought what i said was accepted, and we are adjusting the period.
i think you study korean really hard.
i think you know quite well about korean culture.
also, she has to help me while i am in korea.
i should visit the holy land sometime, well i want to be a meca or a muslim.
i have to work on some materials for people who are going to korea tomorrow.
furthermore, i want to introduce culture by wearing hanbok and taking pictures together.
moreover, business in korea seems to be in bad shape right now.
i will help you studying korean as well.
yes, i want you to have fond memories only about me and korea.
he is probably trying to lie that it has lost in korea.
everyone that logs in today will receive the following gift.
i asked my mom to give me another piece of cake.
i realized that i had one-sided eyes and ears.
the first thing i did was looking through cleaning districts and assigning them to the students.
i am currently engaged in a financial business in seoul, south korea.
there is a quiet cafe where you can enjoy hand-roasted coffee.
i quitted the program that took up unnecessary resources.
i played korean games and filipino games with my friends.
i played frisbee with my puppy in han river park yesterday.
i am already in korea and i posted it on facebook when i got back to korea.
i paid by cash because my credit card was maxed out.
i pass several bus stops by walking and eat healthy food.
from where i live, korea, it takes twenty-six hours to get there.
can i accompany a korean today?
you don't happen to know how to read korean, do you?
don't hurt people just because you do not like them.
could you tell me how much you earn a month right now?
i need at least a month of transition period for my successor.
can you understand what i wrote in korean right up there?
i made a traditional doll at #namsan hanok village#.
i'm pleased to introduce traditional korean music today.
i can teach you if you want to learn korean.
i'm not good at eating spicy food compared to ordinary koreans.
today i'd like to introduce korean traditional alcoholic drinks.
women's hanbok is broadly divided into #jeogori# and skirt.
i am studying with my korean friend right now.
almost all south korean hope that the military demarcation line will be removed one day.
i'm trying to spend as much time as possible with my family.
i'm in korea now, but the weather is so cold these days.
i'm not the kind of person you talk to only when you are free.
i always clean and prepare one thing at once.
i have memorized whole sentences in a korean conversation book before coming here.
hello, i am ann, your sponsor from korea.
i invited my friends to share the food i cooked.
i was supposed to take a flight to korea today.
i've had a hard time last week because of sickness. 
i have investigated the tools used at least once a month.
i hope you spend a wonderful time while staying in korea.
i hope you had a great time during your visit to korea.
i hope you have some quality time in korea before you go back.
i gave up and ended up going to the last stop on the bus.
for now, i am going to take a short break and plan my second half of the year.
what makes me upset is that i cannot express all my feelings in english.  
playing soccer for an hour every evening helps you lose weight.
if you come to korea i will take you to some good places.
if you come to korea again, i'll show you other places.
the goal is to open offices in the us, china, korea, and indonesia at the same time.
where do you want to go the most if you visit korea?
there is a place renowned for bamboo, which is one hour away from gwangju.
in america, just like in korea, there is a severe racial discrimination against the black.
the most important thing is to make sure that the factory is running smoothly.
i studied the bible with my friend when i was twenty-one.
once again, i attached the list of my orders below.
i would appreciate it if you could respond to the email sent from korea at 10 o' clock.
please send me one original document and two copies.
one of them saw me and came closer to me.
please check your mail and the attached file one more time.
i think you have more close friends in the united states than in korea.
one of my sisters is married to an american and lives in seattle.
i'd like to order a pizza and seven lunch boxes.
i don't like eating undercooked meat.
today, i have to have dinner with my colleague who is going back to korea.
today, i am going to talk about the differences between korea and italy.
i'd like to know how you are managing your business in korea.
also, thank you for your support and interest last year. 
have you ever bought a cell phone on an installment plan in korea?
i have decided to take the test again.
didn't you figure out what korean style is?
i have never paid and i can't check the payment details.
i don't want you to be sad while staying in korea.
i couldn't come to the academy because of an important event.
sometimes i can't express my thoughts properly even when i know i'm being treated poorly.
i can speak english, korean, and a little japanese.
i cook korean food and have it with my family every day.
i asked jane to help you as you said it is difficult for you to enter korea by yourself.
i feel like i need to have some serious thoughts about my life these days.
i was one of them, but i got better after taking some pills.
i always translate korea into english and enter it into the computer.
i am leaving for korea today and will be arriving on wednesday.
i've been so flustered these days because my sister in korea is sick.
i am gildong from miracle system, a korean partner of info company.
what kind of culture shock did you experience when you first came to korea?
i willingly ask for forgiveness for what i have done.
i am a korean designer currently living in korea.
i apologize for bothering you once again.
i admit i made a mistake, and that's why i need to know how you feel.
i am in korea, and my friend is in korea as well.
i am looking for some information about the korean language test for you now.
what kind of korean name would you like if you could have one?
i am going to korea tomorrow and will be back in a month.
i am writing this letter to you once again, so please check and send me a response.
thank you for being my teacher again.
what should i do if i want to take a semester off?
what do you want to do the most when you come to korea?
he has been out of contact because he doesn't want to live in korea with me.
can i get a refund if i don't like it after receiving it in korea?
our team interviewed the students about korean food.
we would also be honored to be with you.
it will be really hard if i have to study chinese characters now.
my dream is to be a beautiful flight attendant in korea, and i always support you.
if you want to have a day off, you have to give a notice to your manager in advance.
if you can't understand korean, please tell me.
if you want to live with me in korea, you have to learn korean.
we would like to know how's the business going in korea.
everyone could see that it was the opponent's fault.
if i go back to korea, then give me a hug then.
today is the day when we thank king sejong for creating hangeul.
you repeat bad behaviors every day when i give you a chance.
please select the expanses you spent on this trip to korea.
of the things you've said, there were many things i couldn't understand.
we can attach stickers to reduce unnecessary volume extension.
if you give me another chance, i'd like to see you.
it was nice to see the relatives altogether.
it has been 45 days since you said it's shipped, is it still being shipped?
he is coming to the bar called praha in hannamdong, seoul.
in the end, i am going to marry my boyfriend at the age of 31.
do you know that korea went wrong because of its cramming teaching method?
if you come to korea, we will do the opposite.
if you come to korea, i recommend this building.
i am sorry for the late reply as i was out of the office during the korean chuseok holiday last week.
it is a pity that i cannot express my feelings in korean.
if you come to korea, i will cook fried rice for you.
if you come back to korea, will that be because of work?
we are talking about korean celebrities now.
it is enough for students to utilize only one card.
if you come to korea, you will get to like korea more.
if you come to korea, i recommend you to try octopus.
if you come to korea with me, you can learn the korean language.
i would ask you out if you were in korea.
please don't hesitate to correct me if i say something wrong.
if you want to travel to korea, i recommend jeju island.
it was nice to enjoy various games with kids for an hour.
as far as i know, everything is going well.
in this case, in korea, we say 'what´s good for sister is good for sister's husband'.
could you help me if i visit you at one p.m.?
he didn't enact the procedure for issuing your visitor's visa to korea.
he only wants to see products exported to korea. 
the price per box of 50g is 5,800 korean won.
i wish we had our own hanbok.
i was so surprised and happy that you guys came to korea.
it is a pajama with fancy red flower prints.
however, we have some difficulties since we are short on time.
nowadays you can easily find an idol with a unique hairstyle, right?
fourth is the the development of simple contraception techniques.
plus, i think i can learn a lot about various cultures.
first, thank you for your detailed reply and estimate guide.
first, easing tension between south and north korea is necessary for a peaceful life in korea.
however, there is one thing that is difficult to accept among the requests.
yeah, i think even a subtle distinction will make it dynamic.
then what is the total price for eleven tumblers with delivery charge?
secondly, various members are not actually participating.
second, my meticulous personality sometimes makes people around me tired.
is an adopted child living with you then?
this is a slim-fit dress that makes you look slim.
thank you for supporting us a lot during 2015.
i heard that season 2 will be produced, when will this be?
he was separated from his father because of korean war occurred in 1950.
i am going to true with an employee who can speak korean fleuntly.
why isn't the rolled omelette we orderd coming out?
i will send you an email after planning what to discuss at the meeting.
how should we handle the invoice that we issued?
i’d like to know if the application was sent to five schools she applied for.
i want to change 3 packages we added to 4 packages.
we want to know your opinion before we suggest you a special offer.
i would like to know how the technical inquiry we requested is going on.
have you checked the details of the product defects we requested?
do you mean there is a replacement for the product we ordered?
let's find out how to study english as it is important these days.
if you give me your number i can reach, i'll give it to the staff.
let's have a study meeting once a week at ansan learning center that we belong to.
i think we can achieve it as a result of hard work.
besides, you need various individual skills and excellent skills in handling the goal.
i am also sending you a full schedule in rio we planned. 
whenever and wherever we were needed, we went and sing. 
i sent you an attached file for the shoes we needed. 
we will list the quantity and products we need below.
the nationality of the interpreter we have recruited is indian, and he can translate english.
furthermore, it is convenient to use because it has many leisure facilities.
the product we ordered is different from the product written in the invoice.
based on what we have investigated, the cost of the air and the cost of the container are almost the same.
can you tell me the famous food in the country you recommended?
i'm most confident in doing something for others.
will it be possible for you to prepare the product we ordered by tomorrow?
i'll send you an email including the contents of our meeting.
all we added was the trigger sign.
likewise, i recommend you to visit seoul, the capital city of south korea first.
doing both at once is not efficient.
i hope the tour guide i told you can help you.
i hope the information we requested to your company was not a discourtesy.
i heard that there was a lot of damage, may the grace of god be with you.
when can i get the response for our inquiry?
we are with a man whose legs are uncomfortable, so please give us seats near the wall.
one of the uniforms we orderd is missing.
the plan we all shared is studying english.
she told me to ask you if i have a question.
please arrange our request right away.
please make the same paper that we chose.
please bear with me because my english ability isn't good enough.
remember that she is the true olympic champion.
the dance we practiced was 'gangnam style' by psy.
the place we chose was jeolla province, which is famous for good food.
when we asked questions, they answered kindly.
she got much better grades considering the efforts she put in.
please check again the serial number of the cartridge that has a problem.
even after the smoke arose, the speakers worked fine without any problems.
the chocolate we ordered is delivered less than we ordered.
there's a thing my friend asked, please come and talk to them with me.
are the products we ordered in progress?
please prepare the products we ordered in a hurry.
the reward is bound to follow as much as effort you put together.
the experiment did not succeed enough with the methods we used.
they didn't know what exactly the problem was that we were pointing out.
i can transplant my organs into other patients who need them.
that's because my mom doesn't like an ordinary letter.
i attached three materials that your company requested.
i was wondering if you could match the unit price we proposed.
what we need is an idea to utilize the energy.
what we should do to make the earth clean is simple.
we haven't received the invoice for the products we ordered yet.
if any trouble arises, the person who purchased the ticket take responsibility for it.     
after getting confident with musicians, i started studying authors.
we can say it is a minimum amount we can do.
my friend called madam and asked her to introduce me.
we looked for the product you had asked, but we couldn't find it.
if you tell us what you need, we will get it for you.
we came here on a business trip to fix the products we exported.
from the brazil side where we were, it was great to enjoy the complete view of the waterfall.
if you send me a correct invoice again, there will be no problem.
it is kind of us to help poor people.
i am sending you after deleting a and modifying b as you requested.
my sister asked me to tell you that she feels sorry as she can't say hello to you. 
we will try our best to make it possible.
we have to go to america to become a famous band.
we want to stay in our reserved room for one more day today.
as a result of our examination, your products are not qualified.
how much is the delivery fee if i choose the cheapest one?
reapply it frequently to any part of your face where care is needed.
it's because employees with good attitude show great achievements as well.
i think we've been in touch for almost three weeks.
please also send me a print cost estimate for 50,000 units.
on the towel, it says 'i love you, thank you.' in korean.
i will let him know that you called.
i will send you an email when i need your help.
thank you for let me know the details. you are so kind.
i will do my best to reply to you as soon as possible.
how do these activities help students improve their language skills?
how should we solve this serious school violence issue?
i've told you before that he has some weaknesses.
i pray when there is something important to me.
who cannot love this reliable girl.
i'm still not sure who is the person i need.
i'm so excited to have dinner at this fancy restaurant.
i'm sorry for what happend in this respectable hotel.
which is better between soy sauce marinated crab and korean beef bulgogi?
university does not teach me the knowledge i need.
i haven't received any complaint from him about these things.
it is more fun to study as i know what i need.
the person who is precious to me is you who is reading this now.
there are not many events but they are worth watching.
check flitto's brand new translation page, right now.
these kinds of simple precautions can make the earth healthier.
the reason why i thought that way is because physical education can relieve academic stress.
as a result of hard work, the twins finally won the championship.
there was nothing special or memorable.
we should always be interested in such an important issue.
i think i'm still doing well thanks to precious memories.
what is important to me is the due date of birth that your doctor told you.
thank you for your reply to the urgent matter.
if you think so, it's been a busy and tough day for me, too.
it may be trivial to you, but it's an important thing to me.
i guess the soccer games are not held in one place, right?
every time i see a thick and cozy sweater, i think of my grandmother.
fast and bright rhythm arirang has the shortest history to be sung.
also, the important thing is that children can talk as much as they want.
cut pork into bite-sized pieces and season it with soju and pepper to marinate.
this customer already paid by cash in korea.
and it was one of my friends' birthday, so we threw a birthday party.
and the important thing is to lean against the wind when you put out a fire.
we meet a variety of people only in special places.
please let me know the exact arrival time in korea.
her expression was serious and focused.
from the attached picture, i doubt that it is polished.
and i am grateful to meet your kind family.
they find me a job so that i can work with the car i bought. 
they give students a chance to create these kinds of programs by themselves.
we can prevent forest fires caused by dry climate.
also, there is a chance to try the famous snail dishes.
we were tired, so we fell asleep while watching television.
plus, there is nami island, which is well-known for its korean drama filming spots.
there are various genres, so you can enjoy having a wide range of choices.
and the important fact is that there is no girl in my age.
i am going to learn how to play various muiscal instruments.
and i will try to become that kind of teacher.
all people do not believe this hypothesis.
i mainly look up useful recipe information.
my goal is to be a famous accountant.
i also want to go to poor countries and do some volunteer works for free.
we need a leader who can take initiative with these ideas.
i hope this change will bring positive results.
please send me the requested data as soon as possible.
you should not drink much before an important appointment.
i'd like to keep the products i purchased for about a year.
what will it be like if you can search for this kind of paper any time you want?
if there are items that have similar styles, please send us.
i hoped my skills would improve during my stay here for a month.
isn't the construction plan for one of the two sites prepared yet?
the size of chinese plant is smaller than the plant in korea, and they use a small quantity.
how often do you take risks similar to that?
you will gain much knowledge through a theory and lots of practice.
please review those documents related to renewal that i submitted.
i checked that this has the same result as the oven did.
thank you for sending me a gift with your devotion and your sincere heart.
we provide a free call with network carrier quality in the same way as before.
if i marry you, i will never live in pohang.
the contents of the libraries are written at the beginning.
korea's independence process and history are displayed in the museum.
you can learn korean more quickly in college.
friends who passed the university exam do just hang out or study what they want.
it was great to get new information about a post office.
it seems that a man is aiming a gun at himself in this picture.
also the registration period is 넉넉, 
there are many kinds of food such as korean food, western food, and japanese food at deuran-gil.
we also have plenty of time; we can register from a month ago to a day earlier.
unfortunately, i've never been to karaoke.
but this scorching heat is not as hot as our love.
but you can easily do it after getting a simple training.
however, you have to be careful because you can get hurt while doing strenuous exercise.
but there wasn't a clear goal.
the important thing is whether he's good at work or not.
however, there are clean beaches and many beautiful mountains.
but there are already too many similar products.
but, there is a way to make the first date more special.
even though it has been more than 6 days since i made an order, i cannot track my parcel now.
but i don't know the tracking number of the other one that has not arrived yet. 
but due to the poor medical techniques, it used to take people's lives.
furthermore, various contents are coming up on media these days.
hanbok in our country has been appreciated its worth by many people.
despite these advantages, what are the disadvantages?
in spite of the shortcomings, shopping gives me pleasure.
i do not know how you feel about me.
however, please try to make the shipment as soon as possible.
it’s sad i have to work in korea after visiting there.
nowadays, thin men in korea have worries.
it a story about a man who was cast away on a small island in the han river.
i thought i was strong, but i realized that i was just a kid.
i mean, i will go to the polls an hour later, and come back home right away, and have a rest.
why do you give me a hard time sending me the wrong clothes?
i'm so happy you are a flower that represents korea.
internet friendship can have a good effect on your health.
every child in korea knows this song.
after playing yut, we all went to see a movie.
nowadays, i go to a convenience store when i have a light meal.
i will warn them not to do dangerous pranks anymore.
we would like to order your products based on the attached file.
 i give you my word that this will not happen again.
we want you to guarantee a secure business field.
have you seen a girl who loves a poor man?
at night, various mini-restaurants and food trucks open.
i think a cup of delicious coffee can share small happiness.
a swallow gave heungbu a pumpkin seed, and he became rich.
i worked yesterday as i had a meeting with a special client.
girls try on many clothes in many shops before they buy them.
we provide you with a variety of information based on various sources.
a letter has not been written even on special occasions.
since we married, we have had our own christmas event.
women buy clothes they like in addition to the clothes they need.
i like that she used many different colors and graphs.
hallyu is expanding to various countries and fields.
she is a famous chef, and her food is very delicious.
they are very cautious because a mistake can cause serious consequences.
she decided to share the food she bought with me.
she looked calm, and it impressed me.
the meeting took about an hour, and i could get off work at 7.
the basement has massive heat and pressure energy.
she did not say anything until the important moment.
she doesn't delay anything because she finishes the work before the deadline.
she is an idol for those who want to be a famous novelist.
she discovered the boy who has nice teeth.
the government should work hard to make society safe.
she looks good in any outfits that she put on.
she speaks with emotions to explain the special situation.
once again, we ask you to handle the problem immediately. 
each of us looked for an original method of multiplication.
that's because we could not get any solutions.
i'd appreciate it if you could check the problems. 
we think we should get similar data.
we think proper physical punishment is necessary.
we didn't get a part of the attached document.
we ask for your floor plan to measure the exact length.
we can learn several lessons from these stories.
we will arrive at tegel airport at 12:15 p.m.
we can produce pumps as soon as possible.
we will come up with measures to prevent further defects in the future.
we should know the accurate information and protect ourselves.
we should send an apology to our clients as soon as possible.
we climbed a mountain to go the silent wonhyo temple.
is she eleven or twelve?
we can always be greedy because we are weak human beings.
we will prepare measures to make sure this error never happens again.
we didn't get any direct contact from you.
we are a small trading company founded 15 years ago.
we are a computer exporting company with a rich history.
we get lots of things by meeting different types of friends.
we can now eat various fruits even when they're out of season.
we will provide you with the software as soon as possible.
we call these people drunkard.
we must defeat the communist party at all costs.
we'll try to make the payment as soon as possible, so please wait.
we have a similar name, but we are not the same person.
we have to update this to customers as soon as possible.
we have to listen and check the reservation information.
we give taffy to a person who has an important test.
we went there to eat at the fancy restaurant.
we can help the poor, and we have to help them.
we keep the product by maintaing proper temperature and humidity.
we need to reflect our distinct brand image.
i am learning to swim to develop great physical strength.
we want to receive the precious item safely and quickly.
we're proud of the fact that we have such a comfortable space.
we're expecting to get pants with a variety of designs.
additional payment is not available now without any definite result.
antonio was also one of the people who made his fortune with his endless effort.
so please send me details by message or email.
so please send me the requested sample as soon as possible.
so give me needed quantity, address, and phone number.
did the professor asked me how the accident happened?
you should hold back things you want to say to an older person.
the korean restaurnat called 'sky bridge' is a good place to have a reasonable meal.
i also need a bag for the korean class starting next month.
there is a part i don't understand among your answers below.
what are you expecting during your stay in korea?
also in taiwan, many cultural assets has similar shapes to those in korea.
king sejong has many accomplishments other than creating hangeul.
also, i want to contribute to make safer machinery system.
also, i'd appreciate it if you could upload more detailed pictures.
i need your phone number for safer delivery.
where should i go to buy more diverse items?
then a suspicious-looking person put something strange in ed's pie without ed being aware of it.
but some of the received items had problems.
but being in love is not just something about you and me.
but i have found something strange, so i'm asking you by email.
but i don't understand this kind of business attitude.
but i think that korean restaurant closes at 10 pm.
however, i didn't get a message that i exceeded the limit. 
but i never asked for the same document as yours.
have a nice day, and i'll see you again later.
but can't you give me one more chance?
but i did my best to satisfy the customers.
but i'm trying to overcome the personality and to be a tolerant person.
i think pop songs also have enough souls and rhythm.
but i always try to get back to class as soon as possible.
jeju island is the southernmost island in south korea, and it is a volcanic island.
thanks for an abundant harvest this year again.
thank you for blessing us to start another day with a healthy body.
at least we need to put minimal effort into it.
no one can be judged twice by the same crime.
you can learn a lot about korean culture in insa-dong.
i am worried and i am sorry for making your mind difficult.
if i am hired i want to work here as long as possible.
there's no need to rent equipment separately for the guide.
i want to know how all matters about spins are going on!
also, we can enjoy it when they read a book for us.
do you have catalogs or images of your products?
as you can see, most of the successful people had their way of life.
i heard there are many places where you can learn korean in cambodia.
since then, korea became known.
i might have given you a bad impression of korea.
did yachts begin to spread in korea since then?
but the silicon can move when it gets a strong impact. 
#everland# is the best amusement park in south korea.
i think we should express our honest feelings.
i will e-mail you after organizing additional questions.
please email me if you have further questions, then i'll let you know.
i've been to fujieda, shizuoka prefecture, which is an hour away from tokyo.
i started gardening as a hobby, but it brought me a lot of changes.
finally, i want to publish a book using such things.
please help him along to have a strong power and wisdom as a leader.
third, he is also the cover model of the currency of the republic of korea.
the first year to start it is known as 1923. 
the booklet "happy meal in incheon" is written in english and chinese.
please write down some messages in english for eric.
if you need additional information, please ask me anytime.
if you apply as a team, the maximum number of members is 4 including you.
thank you for correcting me when i did a bad behavior.
i started working as a web designer after graduating from school.
i was influenced by my professor when i chose accounting.
please give the delivery man 4,000 wons after you receive the card.
four companies, including company a, showed interest in this product.
could you cut the mano and send the picture to me?
dishes that are made of kimchi include kimchi pancake, kimchi stew, and kimchi fried rice.
her family except her immigrated from malaysia.
after watching the movie, i thought marriage was tough.
please save the earth by defeating ufo that has invaded the earth.
no movie fan in the world doesn't know him.
please pay careful attention to shorten the date of delivery as possible as you can. 
for an example of using a tool, there is an a-frame carrier in korea.
all the people who traveled to turkey say it is a nice place.
the reason i started to study english is to go on a trip.
there will be a modern pentathlon, including water polo.
we played with watercolors together after we finished studying.
it's nice to love someone.
if you're considering participating, i'll send you a more specific guide.
can i have one americano in two cups, please?
they say even the smart dog becomes fool if you keep him on a chain.
a cup of americano and strowberry shake, please.
no matter how important tasks i have, i had to pick them up from school.
an italian architect had a concern while he was traveling in africa.
he turned into a frog and was bullied by people.
no matter how strong a soldier is, he cannot cope with sadness.
people feel time differently depending on the situation they face.
lastly, i will introduce to you the characteristics of korean teenagers' culture.
finally, we'll talk about the limitations and improvements.
finally, hangeul is the only letter that has birth recording.
at last, hangeul decreased the rate of illiteracy in korea.
we paid the additional payment for the lastly shipped product.
but i did facebook lying on my bed for an hour.
however, there are some cities that reflected these issues.
on the other hand, this can be an advantage for me. 
however, there were some critical problems in this overheated markets.
however, you can do like that only if you have special shoes.
however, there are many places where these fire extinguishing facilities are not equipped well.
but i might be the only one who has this kind of behavior.
i grew up in a happy family, so i am cheerful.
however, playing games for proper time can help relieve stress.
i do not regret my decision after i made it. 
but please be sure to give up your seat if the owner of the reserved seat turns up.
but if it's an emergency, it can be shipped on saturday.
however, some hotels ban it because of its bad smell.
did al mando come to korea because he was interested in korea?
you need x points to see all the reactions to this saying.
are you talking about mandatory military service in korea?
an odd name can be impressive to other people.
because i really wanted to come again.
because i am korean living in korea.
if you organize them into groups of four, you'll have eight teams.
the main goal is to win a prize at a hanbok technique contest.
my goal is to go abroad, not to korea.
the person in charge of korea will contact you about the product inquiries.
how long does it take for the item to arrive in korea?
i will use the money i earned from a part-time job and saving as travel expenses. 
i hope that my presentation helps your understanding of korea.
there are lots of myths about the origin of bibimbap.
this is the way to call from korea to thailand.
i wanted to give you extra socks because you have ordered many times.
can you transfer the last deducted cost this time?
above all things, i had to pay attention to every single person.
ddukbukki is korean people's favorite street food.
i guess being good at handball doesn't mean being popular. 
i am going to wear lipstick from inside to outside along the lipline.
from now on, tell me what you want to tell me in english.
most of korean kids have heard english words and sentences.
there is a 90-minute time limit and the price is 2,500 yen.
the foreigners also can have fun if they give it a try.
they are all similar, but i prefer the fruit cheese plate.
booking through travel agencies needs their requests.
please contact the travel agency for the reservation fee if you make a reservation through them. 
the mentioned person above completed the curriculum for a physical director conducted by korea.
does a thai need a visa to visit korea?
there were some errors while i sent lots of pictures at one time.
i believe korea makes the best animation films.
thus, the korean education still needs to solve a lot of problems.
for these reasons, i prefer winter to summer.
i'm grateful to see a variety of flowers at a low price.
therefore, i want to become a famous child welfare expert.
therefore, we can see important parts only simply and quickly.
therefore, my motto that i decided is: time never waits for me.
therefore, it's important to be aware of this when using technology.
therefore, gmo food that didn't go through enough research can be dangerous. 
we are going to need the tools to cut various materials.
i assume the same problem that has occurred there will happen to me.
the armed islamic extremist groups committed the terror mentioned above.
therefore, he said it is not easy for us to draw these kinds of changes.
many couples fight with each other because of the problem of coming home late.
what is important here is that the evaluation of him has been underway.
so, i think proper diet makes people feel happy.
so, i want to learn music through a variety of music programs.
so, i can concentrate more on my work with calm mind.
so i can't find out the exact information until early next year.
so my dream is to be a famous children's welfare expert.
it has been confirmed that this document is issued by city bank in korea.
so i permed my hair in the attempt to getting out of depression.
so we can communicate comfortably without any form or formality.
so i'm trying to change my timid personality.
so i am also trying my best to help alalys.
this gift shows some data about korea.
was the cathedral built by koreans?
the guest came back for the cellphone after an hour.
this invoice is an estimate following the general situation in korea.
the accommodation is located in a quiet village called "handongri."
you can invite up to 50 people at once on facebook.
i'm trying to figure out if other materials need service. 
i want muslim to become popular in korea.
you can have a discounted menu at lunchtime only. 
i cannot swipe the card i registered for reservation because its magnetic strip is broken. 
if you read the book, you can feel her spirit who has challenged to limit.
i really need to go to restroom, could you please do the examination faster?
how much does it cost to take a flight from russia to korea?
koreans are proud of yuna kim, a figure skater.  
i feel very good this morning because of the fresh weather. 
i'm living with the money that i have saved. 
in this cirucmstance, students in korea are suffering from accumulated stress.
hanhwa, the professional baseball team, has hired a coach sunggeun kim this year. 
it is an oriental medicine, but they are selling it as an oriental herbal tea as they cannot sell as an oriental medicine!
my sister asked me to buy her coffee a month ago.
i have requested it before, but i am sending it again as i didn't get the reply. 
how will you handle the previously purchased dt series?
i want to know if you bought the belt you asked for later.
while i'm in incheon, i'd like to buy some famous korean laver.
 i went to play in the water at the famous valley named sooseungdae in geochang.
i want to go there again someday with my cousins.
i am sending you a message as there are some products i need. 
i've heard that the sales of new released game is zero due to crack.
you have to try famous korean dishes such as tteokbokki and kimchi.
you can also buy motion sickness pills for children or painkillers that are necessary for travel.
south korea thinks of north korea as a threatening country.
you can ride a ferry with 500 won in hong kong.
i took various classes after entering university.
thank you for sharing the once-in-a-lifetime throb with me.
i told him to come to younghee's room after attending the meeting.
after arriving at the accomodation, we received a common assignment.
i pack my bags every 3 months after entering college.
after entering school, he signed in the baseball team thanks to the encouragement of his teacher and brother.
i think we don't need to invest a lot of money in college.
i have to check the expense to visit you this time.
i sent the e-mail because i had some questions previously.
i regret not being able to say i love you before.
three travelers who arrived in rome visited the pope.
popular singers and great songs are coming out a lot these days.
people at the festival throw ripe tomatoes to each other.
can i see what the examination was about in documents?
i need to pay all the costs needed for the trip.
i misunderstood that it would be the same as korea in the u.s.
i'm a seller who ordered product a from south korea while ago.
i apologize from the bottom of my heart for playing a practical joke on you.
tell me the reason why some odd things got inside.
i heard that there is a famous crocodile farm there.
these are shoes made for that effect by putting pointed bumps on the shoes.
this is a picture of cutting the acrylic that we need for the exterior. 
i heard about a special-themed camping ground in incheon; where is it?
i have more curious things about the previously requested shoes.
she has a son all grown up and two dogs.
there are many booths that show the necessary things for the wedding.
there are many kinds of flowering plants growing in the garden.
please send the items with the previously ordered items.
there are more countries joined in fifa than those joined in the un.
there are about 30 big and small traditional markets in incheon.
the place and equipment we need for the activity are all in the school.
there are many lunch boxes in which various foods are kept in a container in advance.
when will the payment of the requested product be made?
listening to fresh music in the morning is like eating vitamins.
there's no inconvenience in using a camera as the design keeps to the basics. 
please don't repeat it next time.
please order the design paper from the attached picture and 7,000 pieces of opp bags.
please attach the korea-u.s. fta invoice with this order, too.
i checked with the company, and they said they didn't get the product.
according to a recent survey, 'k-pop' won the first place!
something important has come up here, so the trip itself is canceled.
i can't go to china because something important happened in korea.
i contact you to request several access i need for work.
the necessary condition for salvation is the faith in jesus christ.
what are you going to do if there is nothing suitable?
what are some building solutions that you have experienced with?
for these reasons, we are expecting less refunds with the same issue.
we use chinese characters for names in korea, so it could be wrong. 
if there is any significant change on schedule, i will let you know immediately.
i would like to know why it is different from the quantity we requested before. 
we thank the students who donated equipment for the activity. 
in pusan, there are 11 employees, and they all live in pusan.
is the manager that talked to you is one of us?
as soon as we saw valley water after we got there, we put our legs in there.
if you have questions about estimation, ask them.
if you have any questions, please contact the following number.
it is safe to use because it is made of harmless material to humans. 
he brought the extensive damage to the company, then he got fired.
in korea, we eat rice cake soup as a meaning of aging one more year.
the thing that is explained at the upper line does not fit to our company.
if the clothes i ordered is good enough, i will keep ordering it from you.
are the video clip and the image trailer for promotions all set to send?  
we sincerely welcome all friends who visit here.
we are going to conduct the audit based on the checklist handed out in advance.
we will produce the liner to be 17cm for this order and send it.
it is hard to sit down for a hour in korea, too.
 anyone who has not been here for 10 months can go home. 
 on the other hand, one of my weaknesses is that i plan an unreasonable goal. 
we didn't receive the payment for the products we had shipped in august.
if the condition meets, we would like to obtain kc for your product. 
i was surprised that they could express those technologies in the past. 
i am using oakshott fabrics to brighten things up this time. 
a woman and a man are having a pleasant conversation.
it is a chicken cuisine restaurant that uses meat broth brewed with 10 different kinds of medicinal herbs
it will take about 30-40 minutes from incheon station.
juan salt farm started salt manufacturing by solar evaporation for the first time in korea. 
this movie is about dokdo, a precious territory of south korea.
i got a new impression when i watched the movie one more time.
i haven't seen the movie since it hasn't been released in korea yet.
the movie starts with a girl committing suicide.
kakao talk is the most popular app used by koreans.
i think i can never forget this hard and lumpy texture.
who did you trave with and why do you think it was the best trip?
i'll briefly tell you about the incident that happened with ruth.
there lived a girl in a countryside with trees and fresh air.
the date we promised is getting delayed over and over.
why do we have at least one bad habit?
after some warm-up exercises, the game finally started. 
the early winter's bleak moon and cold wind wet my mind with silence.
the government employees can also have much time after work.
i hope to see you in february in korea.
will your friend who lied to you be faithful?
do you know that our sense of smell is our strongest sense of memory?
my weakness is that i focus on only one thing that i'm drawn to.
you will do well whatever business you do.
you have a voice of great volume and a wide voice range.
youth is only once in our lives, but we remember that time forever.
you are a good friend with a nice smile and a deep insight.
you are going to do various tasks in korea.
you should give enough persuasion for important matters.
you were my boss who has a warm heart.
you never considered it for me.
you'd better call delta as soon as possible.
you are a valuable person, and you are beautiful enough.    
i like it because there is no boring content these days.
i think you'd better receive a similar swatch.
the customer wants to solve the problem as soon as possible.
here is a beer museum where you can enjoy many types of traditional czech beer.
korea is a country which has one single language, ethnic group, and culture.
the employee recommend me to buy a ticket as soon as possible.
shoes are on sale in various regions and stores.
woori bank is the leading bank which guides korean economy.
to be honest, i'm interested in you, but i'm a bit careful.
don't you have any update yet?
humans can run a long distance at a steady speed for a long time.
sometimes we need to prepare suits for an important meeting.
a wall is a space that plays a roll in distinguishing certain spaces. 
it's obvious, i don't know why you keep asking about it. 
it's because he has unlimited ability.
for this reason, i don't think it is proper way this time. 
it impresses us through various items.
it is made especially for you. 
we need it to get something important.
even though shim chung has happy days, she cannot help thinking of her father.
this is a great app, but it still needs some supplements.
i hope you only have joyful and happy things this year.
a gift is meant to be useful, but what can i do with a folded-paper crane?
i am happy that you are having a sweet meal.
they make a plan without thinking of the sincere success.
they are assembling a complicated molecule structure model.
there is an aquarium to store fresh clams.
they are getting ready to go there as soon as possible.
they lay more than seven eggs in warm spring.
the tour spot is famous for a beautiful nightview of the effel tower.
the core is that happy employees make good products.
they saw amazing animals and took a bus with their family.
they are not a thorough vegetarian, but they prefer a vegetarian diet.
they always get help from others even drinking a glass of water.
are you ashamed of being divorced?
they need to attend a class at school to have an authentic education.
they used the opportunity to attend the great concert for free.
they were preparing for various post-retirement programs.
they presented what they had prepared, and he added a few things.
they seem to adjust the payment by the requested schedule.
 the customer uses five cameras of the same model.
the following is the video of this phenomenon.     
they want to get data and materials as soon as possible.
they want to start the sample test as soon as possible.
some people work hard, and some people are in a good position even though they do not work hard.  
today, we've gathered female celebrities with glamorous blonde hair!
today i want to have savory bread instead of sweet chocolate.
i'd like to recommend a cool clive indoor date today.
because it is an important document, i gave it to you.
it's because they want to clean with fresh water and drink clean water.
what type of visa do you have?
the death penalty is the most severe punishment sentenced to brutal criminals.
the death penalty does not have a strong deterrent to crime.
it might be boring for other people, but it is different for me. 
it has a clear and high pitch sound.
if you want the exact size, you have to develop it.
if you meet a charming girl, you will have a great time.
the customers say that they can't feel enough value.
my husband wants to do a ph.d. program after he graduates.
we had only one game and then decided on the destination and accommodation for the first day. 
i would like to visit the factory before deciding whether to proceed.
how do you want me to prove my love towards you?
i didn't love you to make you work at the store.
you can return the free gift to the corner where you purchased the item.
i've never been skinny since i was young; i've always been chubby.
after submitting the dissertation, i haven't got any contacts so far.
until recently, there is no execution of death penalty since the last one.
how long does it take to boot after assembling a product?
i think it will also be great if i become a singer after entering college.
after explaining the concept, solve the problem related to the concept.
the travel agency that we asked for an estimate hasn't sent any reply yet.
those who graduated from university should lower their expectations level.
i am not that good yet because it hasn't been long since i started working out. 
i think it will be a better ppt if you summarize the contents.
i like math because i have to memorize lots of things studying english.
i'll reply to you about the schedule after checking this.
i love you, but i give you up now.
we help the students who completed a course at the institution to find a job in japan.
it has been about one year and a half since i started art.
it has already been more than 5 months since i purchased the product, but i can't even get a refund.
it's like breaking the rules has created new rules. 
there is another comment added to the story you commented to.
the schedule of the companies that requested the meeting is not fixed yet. 
the students including the boy are all wearing hanbok, and there are books in front of them.
i am attaching the rest of the documents except b/l, so please confirm.
the reason i requested to visit is that i have something to tell you.
if i make an order, is it possible to get it in korea by february 22?
the blood vessels in the pelvic region, including the uterus, are going to widen rapidly.
we finished shipping every material except fabric sufficiently.
when he prepared for death, the tank of the allied force exploded with an explosive roar. 
start building by pressing the build button after completing setup.
it rains frequently in other seasons except summer.
we offer every service that the customers who visit the hotel need.
if parts except that are the same, please send me just that floor plan.
does admiring someone mean excluding all the passion?   
if i love you. i will always look into your eyes.
it's been 5 years now since i started business, and things are getting worse.
it was minister jones at incheon nari church who suggested immigration.
if you restrict observation, do you mean that i have to go to the next stadium?
you are not able to use the service in case you denied the authority.
it's been a long time since i ordered shoes, but you still don't contact me.
loving you is a huge blessing to me.
two dishes are beloved menus of koreans.
this food does not use any seasoning unlike korean ramyeon.
it's a common korean family dish.
it happens when you disobeyed or failed to follow the supervisor's reasonable direction.
i will devote myself to maintaining the cleanliness of your vehicle.
are you keeping your precious wallet and cell phone well?
give hope to many people through your precious writings.
it's said that you can appreciate japan's spectacular architecture style.
your payment was credited to our side today.
some famous places in paris include the louvre museum and the eiffel tower.
your keen insight impressed many people.
could you tell me what materials do you need for your accurate plan?
you cannot return, exchange, or refund due to change of mind without reasons.
it is absolute vodka expressing  paris' unique subway entrance!
what's special about this place is that you can cook eggs on a grill.
our only strength is that we are cheerful, delightful, and dedicated.
her miserable childhood made an ineffaceable mark. 
korea's famous idol will be the main character.
he is an important customer, so i sincerely ask you to give him the best service.
take a look at simple and stylish designs like elegant flapping wings of a swan.
i like your pure heart and obedience to god.
swimming is forbidden here to save your precious life.
famous pop artists from all over the world go through this place.
we hope this chair also can bring such a memory to users.
you must be happy to meet your welcoming family and friends.
their video came up on famous korean websites.
there are many people who understand your true feelings.
please think carefully and come for the meeting to proceed smoothly.
poor students around the world are committing suicide because of academic stress.
the famous work by edgar degas includes absinthe and miss la la at the cirque fernando.
there must be a lot of road shops on any main street in incheon.
a man's constant effort makes them fall in love again.
the terrible smell of the factory gave the workers a hard time.
seeing your serious face, i think it is because of me.
the t-shirt you ordered can be shipped tomorrow.
the great purpose of our life is acting, not knowing.
their luxurious accessories are also catching people's attention.
i strongly recommend this to people who want to have a special style.
i can help students improve their poor english ability.
i came here on a business trip because of the company's significant contract.
i am well aware of your urgent situation too. 
beautibell is always with you at your happy moments.
thanks to your kind email, i understood the situation well.
your sharp muscles show your effort.
thank you for spending your precious time for me.
i need to get help from my sister to make our consultation smooth.   
unfair business deals can be settled legally in korea. 
it attracts the public gaze, unlike previous familiar advertisements.
let's try hard for our precious relationship with god.
it is difficult to share the detailed logic of function.
you look just like a famous korean actor.
i will go there if you let me know when you're available. 
i will send the handle blueprint that you requested,  please refer to it for your task.
i will refund you 100 dollars for the delivery fee that you paid.
i will hand-carry the number of materials you asked for.
if you reject the words you promised, i will find another woman.
if you let me know a day works for you, i will come to you again. 
i hope you have only joyful and happy things this year.
i want to get two samples you recommended 500g each.
i will apply your request next time i write an invoice.
i submit a detailed plan based on your schedule.
how do you intend to get the things you need?
i'll pay you back, so don't worry.
you have to take all the responsibility for your decisions.
you only want what you need, but you do not give me anything i need.
your husband will give you the pocket money and the cost of living that you need.
you can be angry to write a report when you need rest.
i updated the software as you mentioned.
you can donate for children in need as well.
your order that you requested will be prepared by the end of this month.
i can make you swim in the sweet ocean.
i understood all of what you've written and thank you for your response.
but i think the number 4 you marked is a translation mistake.
let us know when you are available in the evening hours.
i think a 30 percent profit margin you offered is too low.   
let's try together to live in a pleasant school.
was there another car right before the car you rear-ended?
i sent the item you ordered through a post office last week.
i send you the data as you requested, so please refer to the attachment.
my husband says that full-option will be better if it's a similar price.
i am suggesting the following as a person who understands the situation you are facing. 
i really like you no matter what you look like.
there were more guests than they had booked.
here is the material that you requested, so please check it.
we promise to grow into a solid company with internal stability.
i paid you more money than korean sellers this time.
from the things you've predicted, were there any of them right?
look at me if you need my help, then i'll briefly explain that.
progress one-to-one classes to kids who cannot follow the curriculum.
please send me a message again about what you understood.
send it in a quick method since it is your mistake.
can you give me the list of documentary that is available?
please send the materials you prepared to the address below. 
please let me know the exact missing parts that you found out.
can't you help me a lot if you get married?
don't give me 10% royalty that you suggested.
i'm very sorry for the late response to the item you asked.
many people sympathized with the lyrics they wrote.
it's been a long time since you accepted it, so i'm leaving a message.
i'll send it right away when you give me a reply after checking it.
i will send you the cigarettes with the original documents you requested.
please choose the proper type of valve and send me an estimate of it.  
please let me know the number of samples you need.
if they are careless, it can develop into a bad situation.
the reason why this place is famous is that you can eat as many side dishes as you want.
what do you remember the most among the dramas you've watched?
it is india and pakistan that need advice desperately. 
it's a children's book, but it's also good for adults.
which food hasn't come out among the food that you ordered?
i would like to know when and who will visit us.
i hope you could come to korea and meet me. 
i'm sending the organized documents you've requested, so please check it.
please contact me personally if you need a translation.
we were pressed with orders during the period you have purchased.
the item you ordered would be delayed as it will be stocked in late march.
in the case when you make infringements more than three times for the same reason.
you have the responsibility for the warranty of the machine you have sold.
please feel free to talk about good ideas. 
please take a look at detailed images of the listing you ordered.
please inform me of the exact quantity and stock that you've presented.
the content cannot be deleted when it is not written by you.
no material can satisfy the condition that the client requested.
please send me the picture of your file you have made.
please send me a picture of the product you've received.
there is a product that has been sent more than the requested quantity. 
the present that you prepare is in a rented house now, but you cannot bring it to your house.
please send me the estimate sheet again if you don't have a reasonable reason.
please register the cover dance video that you've filmed on our website.
please check the attached blueprint to make sure it satisfies your request.
please give me detailed information about the galaxy model you need.
the model you requested was a popular product thirty years ago.
we had adapted everything you said to the progress of the sample.
the reason that friendship is important is same as the reason that friend is important.
the two-room you asked is already booked by another guest.
i attached the insurance policy and the email requested by samsung.
please suggest the acceptable price and the specific way of payment.
they will deliver the file you requested soon.
the product you returned hasn't arrived yet.
we don't treat the item you have asked.
i didn't know that the bank has solved the shortage of balance.
i did as you told me to do, but i couldn`t find the folder.
the module you purchased already has it.
didn't they tell you they will contact you?
did a lot of bicycles appear in the korean dramas you've watched?
is it americano and café mocha that you ordered?
i can share my strength with people who need some help.
i can't approve the health examination of tomorrow's worker you've requested.
the money you transferred isn't being seen yet in our account. 
i've checked the size and thickness of the pipe you said.
i checked a ship departing from busan with kim whom you've introduced to me.
i can't give you the answer now about the data on the productivity you've requested.
don't put products in the water except for washable ones.
i slept well as the hotel had such fantastic facilities.
i can't say anything because my husband didn't even mean to do so.
it's unable to apprehend the current state of each factory based on your information.
what can you make with this shape?
i added a picture on the list of machines you've wrote.
i'm sending you the two enclosed documents you requested.
i am sending you an estimate that includes the control system as you requested.
i'm sending you an email with a file of data you have requested.
i fill in the items after checking which one is insufficient.
i'm about to make a new contract as you requested.
it's all about learning things, not the cost.
i'm sorry that i couldn't make it as your requirement.
what is the motivation that makes you endure this year?
imagine you are in a famous restaurant.
what is the most meaningful achievement you've ever made?
thank you very much for your interest in our company, and we carefully ask you for continuous support.
we promise to become an inner health-oriented company.
it's of little importance what you need.
it fine with us you introducing us another expert as you proposed.
what do we do when there are players with the same record?
it takes some time for us to receive what you sent us.
come here if you want some safe rest.
if you had a happy day, i'm happy too.
in the case of a student who is weak at grammar, we make them examples sentences.
i can take many pictures and send them to you if you want.
if you share your corrected version i will reflect it if you need any corrections.
please do not hesitate to ask for anything you need.
do i have to change the code to 2234 as you requested?
the problem will be solved if you delete the agent you've added.
i will try to set my schedule to yours if you tell me the date you want.
if you look at me with an innocent heart, i will be the same.
i've been unable to sell the product when it has past over 15days.
please delete the ground fault circuit interrupter function as you mentioned.
if you gain more catnips when it's full of them, it will be exchanged with the first catnip.
if you allow me, i want to live with you in the future.
i want to give you some time to review if you agree.
we'll have to see how many days are required while proceeding the experiment.
i think it's okay to do so if we are in the situation of need.
right now we have the one you ordered.
if you allow me, i hope to make our time together.
if you allow me i want to become your friend. how is it?
i request you for the correction on your negative feedback.
is the order you said is the same one with the order b had mentioned?
if you don't have any reasonable reason, please submit the estimate again.
if there's time i will write you a letter often.
are you sure that jin sun's situation conforms to the 3rd phase?
i want to live in vietnam with you in the future, if you permit.
we will go for the sample with the 4colors you have requested.
if means the energy used after converted to the renewable energy
40 camping-cars available to stay is prepared.
the result of my research for your inquiry is 4,700 dollars.
we want you to inform us of the price of less expensive cans as you have proposed.
i want to contact koreans or people who can speak korean.
we talk about celebrities or the things of an ordinary daily life.
there is casino only for locals in korea, too.
are there any gifts, cigarettes or liquors for americans?
i think it's quite expensive for foreigners to spend their travel in korea.
is it often for foreigners to appear on korean tv?
on saturday, all koreans gathered together and went shopping.
we compute the expected arrival time of tenants with mobile.
people who learn korean on saturday are all teachers.
i climbed mt. bukhan on saturday and took rest on sunday at home.
thank you so much for responding to the interview via email.
korean fans will be jealous of chinese fans soon.
i think it was the time to improve myself one step forward.
i also hope my children to become happier than anyone.
i asked the driver to carry one at a time.
we'll teach just those children who have pure blood.
enjoy yourself the coziness and leisure of korean traditional house at the oklanjae.
generally, korean taxi drivers can't speak english.
korean companies generally don't recommend that method. 
lastly, the head office of korea will visit your company.
generally, you can feel every climate in korea.
it has low quality compare to the one made in korea in general.
lately, i visited the site which separates north and south korea.
koreans have loved spicy flavor since a very long time ago.
did you know that korea and turkey have been brother nations since a long time ago?
it is considered to be quite hot for koreans.
can you confirm if this product is made in korea?
this product was purchased and sold in the normal way in korea.
i suggested we should delay our projects for a month.
i had to launch the ob beer products at a shop for the project.
though this is a korean address, please send it to the american address.
the main tasks proceeded last week are as below.
i will work hard as i can to improve the korean market if you send it to me.
you look fancy having hair-cut every 2 weeks.
last week, they attacked the korean clan with a only reason for being korean.
this symptom occurs when the temperature drops below a certain limit.
but i couldn't talk to him as he was unavailable. 
there's a critical issue but i can't speak english well.
the destination is the republic of korea and i ask you to send me the estimate including the installation fee.
i found unexpectable interest and also got recognized with it.
i'll be able to see firework unexpectedly on the boat.
thank you for giving me an unexpected i-phone gift.
each household has more than one motorcycle.
secondly, i'll explain about the appearance of 'hansam'.
first, i'd like to explain the appearance of 'hansam'.
secondly, the point is also able to be used easily as cash.
it will be very nice to have a perfect body once in life.
could you tell me about one of those books?
if that was your purpose of adding me as a friend, i will reject it.
it's the only thing left for china to contact the korean agency.
i told my friends to have phone calls personally.
my friend also wants to have dinner with you.
does your friend should speak korean for traveling?
that friend got a job in a korean company, so she lives in korea now.
my friend is a korean dance performer and she has a practice session today.
it wasn't right for you to show your page to my friends.
this card is for anyone who can't speak korean well.
i will answer after requesting the blueprint of bracket.
a relic that is founded unexpectedly can become a unesco heritage.
we lend you two big barbecue grills for free.
pinocchio intended to lie only once, but couldn't stop it after all.
frittata looks very similar to korea's steamed egg.
a person who is precious to you is also precious to me.
pilates realigns the posture leaned to the one side.
you can purchase only one membership ticket per event.
i have one man in my mind among the people who asked me out.
i think we are not able to play the football cause one of our team member got a car accident.
i don't really know about taipei as i haven't been there, how is it?
i received a test result of product a from my client.
it's a customized cosmetic for the men who are lack of cosmetic knowledge.
i ask you for the reissue of po when the price of product a is confirmed.
i was going to go to the theater if a korean movie plays in philippine.
is there anyone who moved into korea from the philippine 4years ago?
i'm on a divorce suit due to a marriage fraud by a philipino woman.
i'm working very hard day by day since i came back to korea from philippine.
do you even know that many koreans die in the philippines?
if it's possible, i would like to sell your products in korea.
i think people use it often because it's easy to search for things.
i guess it's better to end up an unhealthy relationship.
i'm sorry, the urgent call delayed my reply.
i'm sorry but i want to make sure that you're using the lecture room only for today?
we are sorry but with the condition of the korean post office, it's difficult to ship to indonesia.
another thing is that i have to pay back my loan from the hankook bank.
i'm sorry but i'll appreciate it if you check it for me once more.
i regard the critical conditions of success is effort and challenge.
please provide a detailed implementation plan and schedule to solve the problem.
because it's an unusual thing to happen in korea.
because the korean air presents traveling as a gift to people.
it's because you didn’t give me enough explanation.
i'm sorry but i don't want to get on with people who are not korean.
i had to pay 10,000,000won per month for the training.
if you want to edit, click the 'edit' button.
the primary school was famous for the korean traditional game and middle school had a famous band.
we prohibit sexual discrimination with these kinds of various methods.
you can reserve the hotel only when you have the exact date of entry.g
this movie was the most impressive one for me for these reasons.
those trivial routines has been a great support to me.
these healthy foods also help you to lessen your fatigue.
these various climates provided many kinds of food sources.
a family is playing baseball outside on a sunny day.
i always go traveling once a month on my own.
what do you think about having a hot cup of tea?
we must learn how to get a clear goal for achievement.
i am curious about the crystallization as i am on a research on it.
if there's any necessity after checking the list, i'll certainly contact you.
you can cleanly reuse it right away after washing it briefly.
google glass would be very useful if you utilize it appropriately
finally, he got his own factory as a result of steady efforts.
maybe it's because that class is easy to get a good grade.
probably i'm the only one who is interested in yb.
why is he wearing our school uniform when he's not the student?
yesterday i wanted to go to the academy but i couldn't.
how long have you been taking your daughter to school?
i have worried as it had rained often whenever i go school filed trips.
i watched a movie named 'soul surfer' at school during the english class.
i used to keep my top ranking in chinese school for years.
i would like to provide a golf lesson for my students, is it possible?
i will introduce the italian restaurant located at konkuk university.
i wish to be hired as a school administrative staff at seoul university.
i would like to prepare for two years before challenging the world in this university.
i would like to be in charge of purchasing duty as a machinery engineer.
i went to a ski resort with my friends last holiday,
i want to become a combat pilot graduated from the air force academy.
i want to major in dietetics and become a nutrition teacher.
i want to major in nutrition and become a nutrition teacher.
this time, i went on a field trip with my classmates.
i got to go to kangwondo sokcho for the retreat during the summer vacation.
today, i took a class at the english club in school.
i will work hard to become a great expert in the food nutrition field.
i went to the seoul square ice rink with my friends from the art academy.
i'd like to talk about my effort on my studying.
when i first applied for this language school, i was very nervous and excited at the same time.
i just paid tuition as the school gave me notice of acceptance a few minutes ago.
i was busy helping my daughter to get ready for her school.
i will start to study in your school next semester.
i hope the students in my class avoid wearing vulgar clothes.
i will still buy the book even though you don't go to school.
i hope my students to have the function of the right brain.
i visited seonjinri castle with my parents during summer vacation.
i went philippine last summer vacation and japan on winter vacation.
you have to attend a driving academy for about two weeks.
students bring their slippers when they come to school.
students go to school and academy at the same time to concentrate on their study.
you can apply for the english teacher at sangmyeong university.
you are a good student and you're not allowed to stay out overnight.
you took a rest last semester and had traveled abroad.
students take the aptitude test when before the entrance into the school.
let every 4 students read one page.
he was supposed to start his semester in april, but he required to change it to july.
of course, there may be pros on co-education but i am against it.
let's keep in touch even though you move to another school.
i traveled to tongyeong with a friend before i entered college.
it was great when i traveled to the gansai region in this summer vacation.
i thought i was dealing with three professors this semester.
i told my teacher that i can't do the self-study.
i sold a cocktail with friends from my club during this school festival.
i also have learned the arabic language last semester and got a good grade.
i went a family trip with my grandparents and cousins last summer vacation.
teenagers these days don't really know what they want as a job.
i've been here to travel with my friends last winter vacation.
first, please check if students all know the alphabet.
usually, many students use markers when they take an exam.
i've researched universities that are famous for the police administration.
i found traveling attractive since i went field trip abroad.
would attending english academy during the vacation help improving english skills?
for example, school assignments help me to prepare for the exam.
i played games while my friends attend their academies.
i could change my study habits since i applied the night self-studying,
i prepared the admission of university while attending the art academy.
i pay 1 million won every month for my son's tuition.
i got a bachelor's degree in english and also minored in marketing.
i often hold contests that are related to the class in school.
i needed a sat score to go to a nursing school.
many students probably wouldn't know about that.
can you give me the contact number that you want to invite?
i majored in nutrition, but i changed my job because i love children.
most of the students spend their time in the academy after school.
i'm going to plan what i will do during the winter vacation soon.
i try to improve my learning activities critically.
i'm a sophomore who is studying electric engineering in college.
i'm a sophomore in college and my major is social welfare.
i'm sorry that i'm going to get there a little later for being at my son's school.
i'm studying math because i have a math contest soon.
a lot of foreign students get jobs illegally in america.
welcome to this autumn semester's highlight.
i love my school because it has many special activities.
i joined a hiking club at my school.
all i did during the vacation is going to school and taking a rest.
this could lower academic achievements.
this is my first time in the international trade class, so i ask you for your highest consideration.
this winter vacation i went to everland with my friends.
this winter vacation was definitely worthwhile for me in various ways.
utilize what you have learned today in school to me.
i had to study that i did not do at high school.
i have volunteered for many services at a special school.
i have been in charge of a soccer team as a captain during my junior and high school years.
i would like to rearrange my knowledge and experiences throughout this semester.
i hope all the students have their own computer in school.
i had a great event during the winter vacations though i had some bad ones.
i have to register the students' grades today.
i have to take a class until 6 that day at school.
i have to enroll in nazarene university next semester.
i have to carry out studying and meeting some foreign people at the same time.
i have a double major which are administration and social welfare.
i have to leave now because i have to go to my kid's school.
i heard that he is going to move to school.
i have studied nuclear and mechanical engineering.
i heard there's an interchange program between us and the dental college students.
i heard almost every school starts vacation starts next week.
i go to school now and l will take the exam.
right after my friends' class is over, we meet and hang out together.
eight students will not be able to modify their classes to wednesday class.
i focused on studying for toeic for this semester.
are all 2,500 won if there is a student in the family?
the boys in my class were shy and did not talk much.
there is just too much english on the print-outs for transportation geography studies that it makes me mad.
where do the students ski when they have ski classes at school?
i entered the life-science department because i got interested in it.
i enrolled in early childhood education and i have high enthusiasm for early childhood education.
eventually, i chose pe subject and a year later i joined the army.
the reason for students to go to school is to study.
these days, i always watch major league baseball match after school.
i didn't study hard in middle and high school.
i do not live with him anymore since i go to school again.
did mothers ask that they can buy textbooks from the academy?
i don't know anything at all except mechanical engineering vehicle.
today, in p.e.class, i went over because of over-breathing.
i can't believe he entered that university.
i didn't drink much because i have to go to school tomorrow.
i came here to meet u.s. international school students.
i came here as a visitor, not a standard student.
i confirmed that there is an opening in your school.
i came to know mill low in english institute.
i'm not able to attend the class tomorrow due to the engineering college orientation.
i am double majoring in japanese language and culture and tourism contents.
i applied to school to enter the next semester.
i am studying music and preparing to go to school now.
i am attending an accounting academy which gives 3 hours long classes a day.
i am in favor of banning studying abroad at early age.
i am michael who is now studying in school.
i am also going to study hard to enter the barista department.
i am happy that i can meet friends from all around the world by attending the international school.
i am happy to receive an email that he is well adapting to school life.
i've been staying at school these days and now i'm going home after school.
i am a student in the department of nursing and studying nursing.
i agree with have one year off before going to college.
in the green eden school, we had done many special activities.
he was a first disabled student in a public school.
it was hard for me to commute every day from home to school.
the campus of incheon university is on a flatland so it is easy to walk around.
it is a contest to pick a superstar in our school after preliminary rounds.
of course, all students get stressed out due to exams.
in my opinion, a co-ed school is more efficient.
he was riding his bike to school at that time.
which field do students of chemistry major in this college work in?
so that kids can eat right after they came back from the academy.
we traveled to brazil last summer vacation by plane.
my school does not sell foods with meat now.
he was interested in a girl of his age at the same academy he attended.
we presented a desirable guidance plan for visually impaired students.
it is very far from my house to school, so i have to get up early.
it proposed the influence of visually impaired persons on art education.
he also showed students some videos so that they will not get bored.
we have to evaluate together by gathering in korea's international school.
at that time, the student's volunteering job was so much helpful.
in fact, i was preparing for another exam at the same time this semester.
if i go to the university, i hope to specialize in korean literature.
at that time, i was on my way home with my friend after school.
no need to worry because the school will let us know if there is an emergency.
what restaurant do you go often near busan university?
when i was in high school, i broke my leg while playing soccer.
there's not much time left until student mario's departure date.
i'm happy that we became closer since we met in the first grade.
i am the second-grade teacher in the elementary school and the class leader in my class is so smart.
are you accompanying your sister who's going to take a high school entrance exam?
hyeonji finished her 1st grade and went to the us for studying.
we surveyed 50 students from daegu catholic university.
was this course taught according to the students' level of comprehension?
this building is most famous among students.
and i didn't study english until my first year of high school.
general high school students have to get into university no matter what.
when i was an elementary school student, i've won a gold medal from the long jump.
and it takes really long to prepare that festival at samba schools.
and while i'm in high school, i'll to go to auditions
it was my honor to take your class this semester.
the overall task of the school is managed here.
also, i thought of majoring in advertising publicity.
students can deeply learn the knowledge that they want in university.
i used to work in the service industry when i was freshman.
i had a big interest in psa after admitting to the university.
after finishing sophomore courses, i am taking a break now.
after entering university, i should study my major.
after entering middle school, i got into a comic department.
after entering college, i have gained a broader view.
i served at a western bar when i was a freshman in college.
my goal for the dream was set when i was in 9th grade.
i learned those during my middle school and high school years.
i have been making coffee since when i was in first year at the university.
i had studied abroad in china for a year when i was a freshman.
i came to know there's a job named distribution manager during my sophomore years.
my mom made my wish come true when i was in 3rd grade in middle school.
also, they teach something that you can't learn at school.
there aren't that many hotels or motels because there are a lot of schools nearby.
he showed his affection towards his alma mater, even 'jang kun seouk scholarship' was founded.
so toxic substances in chemical products can be easily found in everyday life.
in the second semester, do we use the same books as the first semester?
my dream is to be a medical technologist in a university hospital.
but i joined 'counseling buddies' club when i was in high school.
but i like the relay run that everyone in the whole class took part in.
but since i became third grade, my grade was so poor.
no one is allowed to bully other students in school.
we met after 30 years since we'd graduated high school, and keeping in touch with each other.
can we enter the university after high school?
i have played a dodge ball as a competition game between classes from elementary school to high school.
she have gone a field trip to haeundae in busan when she was in elementary school.
she has never worn a skirt when she was an elementary student.
i used to enjoy soccer with my friends since my elementary school years.
we need to pick up the elementary schoolers at 2.
we went to elementary, middle, and high school together.
your parents must be very proud of your fine work in school.
teachers try to understand and help students a lot.
suddenly, the features of freshmen in college came to my mind.
dongguk university department of law has a more than 100-year tradition.
after entering a police academy, i started learning lots of laws that i wished for.
however, i got into a motorcycle accident and hurt myself early semester.
however, i've played a computer game for 2 hours when i was a sophomore.
but still, i think we had the best time in the sophomore year, hanging out without any worries.
i did not go to a school because high school students had an exam
we played soccer again today because the third graders took exams.
anyway, thank you very much for teaching me a lot this semester.
how about everyone gathers up there before the school begins?
it required a considerable amount of money to send children to study abroad.
i hope that my daughter would get some interest in math.
i think as well there is something that the only university students can do.
i wish i can make more friends in the future during my college years.
actually, the average sleeping time of high school students is just 5 hours.
i have the greatest memory when i was at high school of all times at school.
i hope it would be an enjoyable class this semester.
i will help to improve this academy unceasingly in the future.
i stopped learning english after the first grade of high school.
the one with the eye patch is also embarrassed because nothing can be seen.
lastly, i'll introduce ways to come to our school by transportations.
however, i was obligated to attend the academic seminar of the nursing department.
however, had really fun experiences for 3 years here in school.
but lots of foreign students showed different answers from korean students.
but economics helped me to learn a variety of knowledge.
however, my mind changed when i was in my first grade of high school.
or i was worried whether to transfer as junior or not.
republic of korea is a society full of school connections, kinships, and blood ties.
korean students, who came to vancouver, mainly use it.
my wife has to go to school to pick up children.
middle school students take midterm exams today.
this picture is when there was a rainbow in front of my school.
i would like to introduce some pen-pal friends to my younger sister who is going to middle school.
college students have to grasp three things in vacation
seeing female student, male student feels the necessity of english.
the participation rate of female students was higher than that of male students.
that is why i haven't studied english until i became 1st grade in high school.
therefore, i planned to build the dormitory for high-school students and college students.
so i tried to walk this road since my high school years.
so i certainly know that this major is suitable for me.
most of the students are under stress owing to their study.
i really enjoy meeting students in the class.
this time, students understand what they learned through actions.
i'm sending you this letter to ask whether field trip to flight deck would be possible or not.
this child is studying hard, aiming to grade up.
i couldn't work before my kid went to school.
i applied for a foreign language high school but couldn't get the admission from the school.
our school went there to learn english during the vacation.
i was working in the marketing department of a conglomerate after graduating from university in korea.
you can use this team studying room when you have a team project.
entering university in korea is from 19 years old.
i had a leadership role in a student representative here.
most of the schools in the past separated male and female students.
expectations of hak sun yang might be high in korea.
school allows us to do training during vacation.
i met a friend of middle school at the behind of the school gate, and i almost couldn't recognize that buddy.
there's nothing different except the fact that it's school holidays.
these days, i can't play badminton often because of my college life.
in south korea, it is a rare opportunity to work as a student.
it becomes so natural to enter a college these days.
we review and prepare the subjects that we study at school in the academy.
people who graduated in korea are rarely good at english just like you.
long summer vacation allows students to study abroad.
this passion is shared with the people in the student council.
this movie's theme is friendship during the school years.
there are five things: age, schools people graduated, family background, region, hobbies.
my wife, daughter in elementary school, son in middle school visited incheon altogether.
i will look for documents or news on space science.
he asked me through the phone if i'm interested in signing up in a new finance society.
after i broaden my sights by studying in graduate school.
zoos contribute to scientists' studies on animal.
not only learning is possible during studying abroad, but also cultural experience can be done.
south korea has an elementary school, junior high, high school separately.
do you agree with the idea that high school students should do night self-study?
i'm going to have a drink at my elementary school reunion today.
rahel has kept his hair short since he graduated from high school.
are you planning to give the same lectures as you did the previous semester?
i'll go to the elementary school class reunion and have some dinner today.
each student should get an education based on their abilities.
my son is a high school student and he goes to a school in seattle.
korea's elementary schools had a winter vacation for a month.
what is the difference between a korean elementary school and american elementary school?
who was your favorite teacher in high school?
taeyeon is available anytime during the vacation.
thank you so much for allowing him to visit your place.
in this vacation, i had a big experience of two things.
for a week, i memorized students' names and their cleaning districts.
so i roughly wrote an english diary with my sister and academy teacher.
the expulsion of the offender could prevent repeated violence inside the school.
yes, i have graduated high school and have moved on to university now.
the amount that students should learn increases as a result.
i hope students do not change their seats this week.
i am pleased to stay near a school next week.
as physical education, i'm learning the value of function, starting with the history of physical education.
it was more enjoyable since i helped the cafeteria from time to time.
i finished junior grade in university now and a year is left to graduate.
i live in a dormitory because it takes 2 hours from my home to school.
is it expensive to enter university like korea?
it certifies attendance for students who got a job early.
my friend has a fever because he played water guns at school.
this dancing university is also one which has been supported by the government to be run.
so much trash is thrown away anywhere at school.
at oxford university, here's the banquet room that was featured in harry potter.
scientists in oxford university researched people's brains.
i made a lot of friends when i went to school in the philippines.
since i won first place for the social studies test in middle school.
because i had to do the science performance evaluation.
because i need to be good in the college
because in graduate school, you must write an essay in english.
because it is much more fun to solve math problems while listening to music.
because there are only two tests left in middle school.
i started to study again when i became a sophomore in high school.
we've gone to the same elementary school, middle school and high school.
this student is qualified to represent the school and country as an exchange student.
this school doesn't allow its students to drink soft drinks.
high school entrance admission is really important and complicated.
i admire the teacher who taught me when i was a high school sophomore.
my dad made this for the present when i entered elementary school.
as well as to the activities of the high school student body officers gave help to my leadership.
it includes elementary, middle, high schools and even colleges.
when i was in high school, i was quite hostile to school uniform.
we finished with our first exam as first graders in high school.
i volunteered to clean the school afterward.
of course, i know that there will be difficulties when studying abroad as an exchange student.
payments should also be made until 5 pm of the day before.
anyang uncle and i are about to die because of that person.
i was so bored because you were not in my day.
i wore a white shirt layered in knit.
i wasn't sure whatever i do.
i was so busy doing some work at the store and cleaning home.
i wore a pink dress with a white blouse today.
now we can meet easily and talk also.
i informed that it's impossible and even there was no alternative.
i want to live with someone i love for a long time.
what i'd like to say today is about the operation i performed.
i was talking about the reasonable thing, not being disrespectful.
unfortunately, i wasn't able to attend the class due to a physical examination.
i want to have a small dog that has white fur.
i want to be talkative but i have no idea which word i should say.
i want to speak a lot but it is frustrating because i can't speak english very well.
i will work hard today thinking about you.
how to do it is more important than what to do.
i want to breast-feed my baby, but the thing(or bed) for my baby to lie on is broken.
i want you not to reach me before i contact you.
i want to know how to get to hotel from sabiha airport.
i wish to join but i can't because i don't speak english.
i want to show my wish to be with you all the time.
you will be living here if you marry me.
you have to take care of yourself until being with me.
wouldn't it be nice to walk through nature at those times?
it's unfair. you said you would give me fifty bucks.
students study more than 10 hours a day.
you will see a crosswalk if you get out of exit 2 of the underground arcade of bupyeong station.
i hope you have a happy and great day too.
you can develop independence in the course.
your love is more important than chatting.
you’ve never listened to me when i talk.
you could've persuaded me, even if i didn't say anything.
you can use the inha university airport medical center inside the airport.
i usually dream about flying through the skies.
i am trying to get used to doing things alone these days.
rather than thinking of what i'll do as a job, i think more about what kind of adult i should become.
i think success is doing something that i want.
i get so embarrassed whenever i think of that time.
i tried to prove myself by showing as if i do such things.
i think you are good at pe.
yes, how do you think this work should proceed?
i slept all day and went to the hospital.
i started doing my holiday homework just before school reopening.
last time, i asked for your help because i had nothing left.
i shop and purchase using smartphone.
passing through is most important to me now.
first of all, thanks for taking interest in the guesthouse and taking your time to make an inquiry.
first put 2 and half cup water boil in a pot and boil it.
rarely salted and less oiled characteristics made it the most popular food.
our guesthouse measured the fee based on 8 people.
our guest house's rental fees are 50,000 krw per night for the double room.
should i take these shoes or get other ones?
exo member's face is packaged in each soap.
since we have only one key, i should stay home.
after adding pickles as much as you want, put on grilled hams.
don't speak with him, ignore him and just do your work.
don't forget me even if we're at a different places under the same sky.
i'm certain that my guesthouse is located in olympic-ro 33-gil.
i'm going to study five stages only for today.
i lack one thing so i'm learning it.
i'm challenging myself to get a license.
i'm not asking you to text me but alarm me tomorrow.
i learned and experienced a lot of things yesterday.
i want to see your beloved face.
i like doing work well rather than doing it fast.
i like doing it myself, but i don't like watching.
even children who hate beans can eat it without a problem.
doing this and that, i don't have anything that i'm good at.
being with my family is what makes me laugh.
i introduced my day of college classes.
i have a son, a daughter and my wife.
i hate saying "i can't study" the most.
i had a good day too, i was busy so i am replying it late.
i hope that you can only have good memories in my guesthouse as well.
i have another person working instead of me even if today was my workday.
i hope you get better so that we can meet again soon.
i overcame all my struggles with a positive mind, no matter what they were.
i guess it would be good to call next monday, not today.
i gave you money without confirmation.
i transferred the work i used to do to a new person.
i forgot to reply as i was thinking of you.
i am not good at the things that i haven't done before as i feel scared.
before the greenish starts, we need to change the order and use it.
before entering school, i made short but happy memories.
i found one of the things that i want to do.
when you run on the trade mill, your footsteps are so loud.
the life is tough because i am not used to this lifestyle and i can not communicate well.
there is an organization that does this kind of thing and what doesn't.
the best way to get over stress for me is taking pictures.
please backup it before you install it.
are we meeting on tuesdays and wednesdays as usual?
i eat one egg and a cup of milk as lunch.
please be notified that we plan to unload the items tomorrow, not today.
the thing i don't like is running into dogs on the street.
the meaning of my 'sorry' is that i am sorry about not coming back home.
the thick line may bring confusion with the bottom supporting line.
the track that i've directed and played piano for has come out today.
when i'm about to say something, i cannot think of what to say.
everything was acceptable and they became close friends with each other.
the amount of daily-offered hearts will be increased by 50 from tomorrow.
the color pink reminds me of the cherry blossoms in spring.
please provide us the invoice again with a revision on the amount.
they worry about the calories of food before eating all day long.
there's surely one me, but how many "me" are there?
there's so many difference between the tester and client.
then, have a nice day and let's talk again later.
please explain the process of setting up the lecture plan for the earlier semester.
the angry servants thought of a way to teach him a lesson.
i didn't cuss but my friends told me so.
i'd like to learn how to interview well and speak fluently.
i'd like to help you in spite of the language barrier.
the part-time job that i work now is a staff at a concert.
we, red velvet will always do our best.
i don't know what should i do and think.
i don't like myself saying this, and also my pride is hurt.
i definitely do wanna talk more but my english proficiency doesn't seem to be that good enough.
kids participate in activities more eagerly because of high-fives.
i don't usually do this but from curiosity, i bought it because of you.
today i would like to talk with you about the sky.
i cannot meet another woman in hanoi.
i couldn't check my mail as i had meetings all day long.
i couldn't answer your message because i was working busily.
i called with a friend who is in korea all day today.
once vacation starts, i wanted to take a nap as long as i want, and now i can.
a child below 16 cannot enter this sauna.
i can't go the philippines now because i am working.
i can't have personal time because of work.
because i am working, i can meet you at 10.
i can live comfortably using my salary.
i became that i could do anything with confidence.
i began to hand over the work i had done.
i am not a person who wants to have sex with you.
i almost spend 10 hours a day on math.
i am not good, but i'm enough to teach basic conversation.
it's just that there's a little difference between what i wanted to say and the translation.
i also want to do what i want and live my life in a way that i want.
what i want to talk to you about is a story about my goals.
what kind of test are you preparing?
what do i do after finding exit 2 of bupyeong station underground arcade?
i am so happy that you met god.
what i most like to say is that i hope you needs see the night view.
thank you for your interest in our guest house.
i am very happy thinking that i will be with you all day long.
i just meant to send you a message, but i accidentally called you cause i was drunk.
if i don't work, my family will fall into misery.
if i don't tell, you would misunderstand me and imagine strange things.
it seems like we understand each other on everything without saying it.
it's better to go to an academy than studying alone.
if i can rest one more day, let's meet on that day and have some meal.
no small part of it is untouched by the master.
he lived happily making models that he wanted to do.
it looks good, but i can't show you the picture now.
to complete the work, you need to pay the salary of workers.
if it is too broad, would real-time pcr be a better topic?
at night, i think about what i've done all day.
if you want to cook rice quickly, you can use a fast function.
if you marry me, we will get to live on the lower floor.
i want to breed a healthy baby as soon as possible when i'm young yet.
to make a low bow, you need to wear a hanbok or be properly dressed.
it will be more tasty if i drink with incheon people.
my goal certificate is a computer application processing engineering expert.
he reminds me of my father.
it was my first time i watched the ice hockey game.
my guesthouse is in an apartment and free parking is available.
he sometimes compliments me for eating food that i dislike.
if it's not possible, are there any other products from other companies?
he is going to have dinner at aloha and take a bus.
if i do it, i will buy ice cream for you.
if it's not available, i want you to confirm my reservation through email.
is what i am doing now for my own good and satisfaction?
if i do not do it now, is it good?
if you don't study english you can't enter a good company.
it is enough to satisfy if you regard it pleasantly.
it is good to travel alone but it is also very famous for dating course.
at the moment he tried to say something he flew up to the sky and went away.
he is very lonely and has no one else to rely on.
he has a great passion and courage for his goals.
if that's impossible, how much can you pay?
it sounds very attractive but it's not so easy as it seems.
he is the type of person who loses control when he is drunken.
though we cannot communicate, still i can feel he is a good person.
we want to satisfy ourselves whatever we do.
my work usually starts late and ends late.
we also are waiting for your reply all day.
it's so hard to communicate and study.
it's more important to listen well than speaking more.
the face of cheering audiences get changed into faces with a mask.
anyways, i am writing this comment to tell you that i thank you.
sir, i am sorry but we do not sell pork belly meat for one serving.
thirdly, there is the problem of whether the selection standards are objective or not.
then, can you fill out the statement based on what you have witnessed?
then, you can look for the ticket booth when you arrive.
she unconditionally supported me to do what i want to do.
download information of the trial version is submitted to the e-mail account you entered.
i thank you for understanding my poor english.
i would like to get a catalog with your company's product.
i would like to know what happened before the actual incidence occurred.
i will soon inform you of the exact date she starts working.
i want to walk around the foggy and rainy night street of england.
i want you to recommend what's necessary for me according to your opinion.
i will pray for her happy every day.
you need to stop for us to live happy.
you must improve what we point out during the safety inspection.
you can decide what you think that a girl may need.
you can enjoy a traditional full-course japanese meal while seeing the process of chef cooking.
you should know the exact date and time when younghee arrives.
let's do our best to parents while we are together.
although my english is not fluent i learn fast and i am quick-witted.
let me know if there are any documents she did not hand in.
i think our age difference doesn't make it impossible for us to marry.i think our age difference doesn't make it impossible for us to marry.
the structure is made simple, it is shock-resistant, and it rarely breaks.
i send you some pictures of our current operation.
turn off the cellphone and do not use it after the movie starts.
the items that we sell are never imitations.
turn on the air conditioner 2 hours before we arrive.
i request you to check my deposit immediately and ask for a refund.
since it's her birthday, i'd like to do something she likes.
can't we see because we didn't open?
since my leg hurts, please don't do the water movement.
can you recommend a body wash for man?
sometimes i just misunderstand things because of my imperfect english.
tell her i am sorry and will buy her great dinner.
i'll send you a photo of it before i leave, so check it if you want.
felt a little sad that i couldn't communicate with you well because of my bad english.
all the time we have experienced is affected by the past.
hold on before you help someone unless they asked for it.
tell us your company address so that we can visit you.
taking 100% contained red ginseng product will be great for the baby.
take an action before there is any problem
while we were shopping, our car was stolen.
this is a day when a woman gives chocolate snacks to her lover.
prices are rising or anxiety can be stimulated.
i heard we can go swimming.
i got a kakaotalk message that she can't keep in touch with you.
i get stressed when my mother tells me to study.
she told us what she liked.
when the parcel arrives, please check the contents.
there is no reference for the area that we want to research.
there is a case that we need to contact a seller exigently.
the bank that we do business with doesn't have international bank account.the bank that we do business with doesn't have international bank account.
please wait for a taxi for approximately 5 minutes.
the handbags we sell are not for sale in stores.
due to the nuclear weapons that one country has, they might abuse power.
please advise me if she prefers any type of trip.
when we desire so bad, we can listen to the words towards us.
the movie started and the first scene caught my attention.
there are three games we planned to play.
they were waiting right before we arrived.
please refer to the issues below for the problems we estimate.
please refer to the attached file to see the progress we check.
there are various types of kimchi besides what we like.
are there people who can welcome us when we arrive home?
the thing already arrived while we were on the phone.
the design we suggest uses the climate of the desert to meet its needs.
the weather is good and i'm happy thinking of meeting you.
the candle means not age but march.
people suffer more and more as the inflation in price takes place.
the reason why we praise the lord and pray is simple.
the school that we are preparing wants us to hand in a reference.
when a problem happens, my feeling and willpower come out.
when we request it, we ask for you to get a new recommendation letter.
the twenty products that we have are all the same
the perfume that she uses gives off a cool and refreshing scent.
the product we use has no defect in terms of performance.
even though the presentation is boring, please understand as it's the last one,
the delivery account that we use is fedex.
i didn't interrupt my brother doing his homework, instead, i read a book.
i don't want her to find out about our conversation.
once the hat arrives, i will inform you and process the full refund.
i checked the tv status right after delivery with the ups delivery man.
because if you like the brand, you can explain its advantages well.
because many problems of human beings that we are facing are serious.
you must be a nice person as she likes you.
i and my sister lived together in busan before she got married.
i am always happy when i hear her singing.
since what we pursue is freedom not license.
the quality that we request has to be improved certainly.
i ask you to place an order for the indefinite stock at one go.
we can't accept your suggestion, sir.
in order to develop the korean wave, it must be in harmony.
we had a high school reunion at the factory that my friend runs.
please let me know the steps to register for the warranty if it is available.
we used all of the brochure which we have.
we send you the pictures that we produce again.
if the sample passes the test, we will purchase 350pcs per product.
it will be helpful for our meeting planning.
we talked about the way to get to the place we love.
we should be apart from each other at least 6 months even if we get married.
if the quantity was too large for our order, we can also decrease the amount.
we love each other but nothing has been decided yet.
if the reason is clear, i believe that people would agree, too.
it will help a government to achieve its goal easily.
it starts to rain as the couple takes a walk.
it is too hard to say goodbye to a person who we love.
we will try to submit as soon as we receive it.
we live in the lithosphere.
if the deal is available, i would like to receive 5 samples of product 08-c3.
be the creative and a free man like the wings symbolize.
if the container is clean, he can use it.
we bought strawberries which my mom likes, and some meat for dinner.
naturally, we should regulate it if that is contradictory to the educational aim that the school stands for.
we will visit to promote the products that we manufacture.
it's easier to understand the culture when the relationship is good.
we won't take photos if you want it private.
do you automatically deliver two of them if i order one?
i was actually embarrassed because you were the first korean who talked about that.
thank you so much for your effort to this issue.
we would like to ask you for reconfirmation upon this case.
my sister(brother) kept talking to me during the blood test.
i will help you to have a nice trip if you contact me.
i want to show myself singing wonderfully to my parents.
i will utilize the skill to adapt to the quick change of the group transition.
how to start is more difficult than where to stop.
you better think that way so that you can feel comfortable.
you should send me the requirements to transfer money as soon as possible.
you don't need to do that much, just send the difference to my paypal account.
i told my younger sister i have somebody to love.
the existence of fastfood is unavoidable in the fast-changing information age.
i said it based on the day you sleep in my guest house.
are you sure you can explain to me why you should progress it like this?
like this, i recommend noodles according to your taste.
i know it's shameless to contact like this.
i hurried and took a taxi to the place where we decided to meet.
everyone can enjoy this unique chicken.
the characteristics of work changes according to how you think.
she overcame the strict and scary teacher minten and lives strongly.
would you send what you would like to tell him through email?
there are two reasons why i came to think like this.
i would appreciate if you tell us how to solve this problem.
please check the picture to confirm the process.
something bad will happen if you are not nice to others.
i can't think of anything else while playing that game.
if it makes you comfortable to think in that way, you may think so.
what is this marriage contract in this message i got about?
there's a problem brought by the development of science.
in a way, it would sound like a typical story.
if you have any questions or inquires please feel free to talk to me.
it is good to be busy but your health is important too.
i would like to purchase samples so can you please tell me where to buy this?
could you let me know if i can pay in installments?
he finally gave it up and moved to london to make his dream come true.
approximately, paper used for one day all over the world amounts to 100 tons.
i want to give awards to me who didn't give up and make an effort.
and we are so happy just thinking about the people we love.
enjoy your day by imagining us loving each other.
quite many people like me because i am fun.
regretting after trying something is better than regretting after doing nothing.
the most representative food in jeonju is bibimbab.
i eat a dish like soup before i start a meal.
it is black, patterned with red-wine and grey diamond.
this bus is the commuting bus which is supported by the company.
the company man friend i told you first, when to a vocational high school.
i want to make an effort again if there's another chance for me.
i am going to go a business trip to seoul for the meeting of the ministry of national defense
i am a 24 years old student, leader of an association and likes various activities.
i heard that some concerts are held there and also propose events are done too.
and so only the led no.1 light isn't turning on.
so we set each of the stockholders of two companies.
there's the world championship, the world cup and continent championship, etc.
justice means social responsibility as a social entity.
thinking that i know and actually knowing the thing was different.
if you want to have a conversation with me, send me a message through facebook
it is fast and convenient and has more benefits in any area.
it is better to regret doing it than for not doing it.
you will also reconsider the reason why you study once more.
the more i studied history, the more i wanted to become a government employee.
it is next to the inha university airport medical center on the first basement level of incheon airport.
it's also great to be alone even if being with family is good as well.
i think it's a good place because the price is cheaper and fewer people live than seoul.
i really want to talk to you more, but you have to take a rest.
we pray on thanksgiving day as we do in chusuk.
it is to develop medicine and healthy product in relation to the health.
how much of the raw material price increased compared to the last year?
compare to you, i don't know turkey that much.
i'm studying english to have a conversation with you.
i wish to try delicious foods and great rides while traveling with you.
asian soccer is very deficient compared to european soccer.
i'm happy because it feels like my english improves as i talk with you.
please inquire with kim regarding the information.
spend a wonderful time with your family, i love you.
what is the supporting plan from the group in competition with japan?
i told a joke as i'm so pleased to talk to you.
just play a game one hour a day and take care of yourself.
the workload which can be processed by the embassy per day isn't that much.
it's a meal substitution drink for young women who are on a diet.
i have been working for twenty years after graduating the university.
i will have to write a shopping list to prevent impulse shopping.
then, one day, he had nothing to eat and was almost broke.
people who like talking always makes a rumor.
the train transports passengers and freight twice a day.
the train transports passengers and freight twice a day.
to speak well, you should listen well too.
if you want to be good at kicking, you should practice how to kick every day.
we don't need a punishment that even could hurt one's heart.
it takes approximately 30 minutes to get to gangnam by buses and subways.
is the religious service to the sky being continued even until now?
we will offer two kinds of filters if you want.
i want to make a famous game that everyone likes.
i wish you to be healthy always, and let me see your pictures often.
but to be clear, can you give me a small swatch?
but if not possible, it's better not to use it.
but the product you bought is an authentic samsung product and therefore it works well.
but i have a loving husband, that isn't a problem.
take care and say hi to your wife too.
i hope your family is always healthy and is filled with laughter.
when studying or things they want, they concentrate on that.
please contact me if you have any assignments or any announcement.
however, one of my weaknesses is that it takes a long time to make decisions.
i congratulate that the baby has grown up healthy.
it's not that you have to treat citizens nicely all the time.
most of crimes stem from a lack of morality today.
i love you, you love me, but someone else also loves me.
could you now check and see how long it will take to install the internet service upon request?
we can experience various types of knowledge through the internet.
how much money do you need to get married over there?
i had to go see a doctor every tuesday because strangely i wasn't feeling good.
you need to pray with sincerity and consistency.
i think the ambiance changes according to how you play the guitar.
justice prevails and this movie ends with a happy ending.
her diligence qualifies her as an employee of this store.
it is her first time going out by leaving her children at home after the marriage.it is her first time going out by leaving her children at home after the marriage.
man should live to see the smile of a girl who he loves.
i'm not good at english but i'm studying in spare moments by using translator.
film cannot show the sophisticated and various expression.
television allows us to watch our own favorite tv show.
unfortunately, we don't know how to use the manual control.
the wife feels despair and talks to herself, "why does the society make him drink?"
the main character of the movie is someone who was falsely accused of a murderer.
she liked people as an alphabetical order.
the space only seems like a vast, clean space.
she should teach the boy who doesn't want to study.
there needs to be lots of efforts to keep the peace.
she is not sure about her presentation and feels shy.
can i publish the document after when i exchange it in korea and revising it?
by exposing celebrity's privacy people around them also get hurt.
with positive behavior, we provide an efficient service.
i am positive, active and responsible for my work.
you will get the true food of the mind when you know how to use that knowledge.
the beginning of my school life starts from waking up early in the morning.
i believe that the most important thing in exchange student period is sincerity.
it was a travel to get my high-school life done.
what effects will these virtual activities have to the society?
i wanted to talk to people who grew up in the same environment as me.
please tell me when can i get a refund.
after the treatment, the patient could appeal to a lack of appetite.
we should return the rest and someone else should buy them again.
i think that a good environment is decided whether there is a teacher who loves children.
a patient with a compound fracture is riskier when mishandled.
only unused items can be refunded or exchanged.
by this, we can expect patients to take a regular dose of medicine.
there are five stages which dying patients experience.
these are not that effective in stopping environmental pollution.
eventually, he composed beautiful songs like "ode to joy".
when i explain to my patients well enough?
today, many patients came to be examined at the outpatient clinic.
i conducted a study on how to extract the samples of marine weather environment.
if i ask for points instead of refund by card, how many days will it take?
my dream is to be a physical therapist who treats patients very well.
it is because children adapt to the changing circumstances fast.
in hematology, conversation is needed between a patient and a doctor.
you need to inquire at amazon regarding the shipment, return and refund.
and they use recycled products to make eco-friendly products.
it has been reported about two-thirds of people with agoraphobia are suffering from panic disorder.
the repayment rate of the loan reaches as much as 98.72%.
my country is getting cold day by day because of the in-between seasons.
many problems are occurring due to the environmental pollution these days.
we have to cut the vicious circle and make a virtuous circle.
for such reason depending on whether the patient is wearing an ostomy bag, belly board is used.
but that patient has only been three months since the surgery.
but it was nominated as the world natural heritage unesco because the natural environment is beautiful.
volkswagen only pursued its economic interests, ignoring the environment.
can i publish the document after when i exchange it in korea and revising it?
is there a policy pushing forward for the environment in incheon?
are you going to say that kind of irresponsible word again that you will refund it if i want?
you get 1-hour free parking if you are here for a repair or exchange.
the plane ticket is much cheaper when i transfer in shanghai.
add your favorite summoner for receiving the latest news easily.
as before, we are asking for an answer, whether the exchange is necessary.
we understand you even if you want to cancel your order and refund.
mike's famous in korea too as an expert in transition education.
singapore is a country with a clean environment and safe security.
i need advice about the philippines' foreign exchange control law.
please confirm when is the requested exchange date.
i will deal with it as a refund or an exchange after checking the order number.
i will appreciate if you inform me the additional schedule once confirmed.
it's better to check before visiting.
please check the attached file and change the store name.
after bank transfer confirmation, please ship the goods quickly.
most of all, i'm so sorry that i checked a mail late.
also, the customs officials opened a few products to check it out.
i rechecked and attached the signed document.
will you contact me again at that time?
i hope you won't betray me with strong trust between us.
before all, we want you to confirm something.
we checked on unid and there was a problem at the united states intermediary bank.
they can probably remake the ticket after checking your id.
please check the purchase order and send it to us after signing it.
please check the attached file and we ask for information about the cost.
please check the content below and revise it if there is an error.
please check the last email and if there is any problem, please let me know anytime.
please check the attached file and reply back with available lists with unit prices.
there was an error verifying nationality on the passport and now the problem is solved.
i checked your car, and i found out that there is no automobile certificate of inscription.
if you have the certificate of ticket reservation and your identification card, will-call is also available.
we will supply under the same above condition when it reaches 50 stores.
i know you are busy, but please check it and email me the scanned file.
in order to ensure my memory, i request a contract document.
it is easy to exchange or refund when it is past the expiration date.
once our inquires above is clarified, we will make 70 packages as our first order.
as far as i checked by myself, they are packed one by one not as a bundle.
why don't you tell me surely?
it is said that it takes some time to check everything.
it's also important to listen a lot to have correct pronunciations.
i thought there was a misunderstanding because you didn't check my mail.
it is easy to store bulk load because it has lateral expansion.
please confirm the situation and email me back as soon as possible.
please look over this sheet and reply to me if there is any problem.
i check the diary, and probably that's right
not only giving accurate information to the customers, but we also need to check.
i have checked my passport and it only states the returning date.
the products would be shipped within 7 days right after order confirmation.
i am 100% sure buying this product but i am sorry for bothering you by asking so many questions
i'm not sure what it is but i prefer the comparison they make.
we'll get in contact with you once the shipment schedule is confirmed.
please share further confirmed items.
if you tell me your exact address, i can search for the bus routes.
may i change the dates in agoda after the confirmation from the hotel?
i checked the extranet and it's a1516.
please check the attachment and reflect it.
please check the attachment and let me know the result of the level test.
sorry for not being a solid help.
now here we invited two main actors of the movie, philippe and driss.
i watched that movie with my friends.
i watched this film at home with my wife about a month ago.
i work for a chemical company named namhae chemical.
i worked in organizational culture and personnel business in the planning department.
you just need somebody you can complain and be angry at.
you make me mad sometimes, but thank you for making me happy.
you can taste a white and red wine stage by stage.
could you let me know your number to call in case of emergency?
i think this movie is very well organized.
i said i wouldn't see you because i was very angry.
yes, it's the shop at the center of the 4th floor in the korean cultural street.
first of all, i will ship the nike products on tuesday.
first of all, i will introduce a silhak scholar, yakyong chung who is an important person of suwon hwaseong.
first i made the customer calm down and said i understood his mind.
furthermore, i personally think this movie is about the social minority.
who do you think is the current main subject of multicultural center services?
people spend their effort on make-up, diet, skincare and etc.
banning phone call while driving decreases car accident.
can i take classes from you every tuesday by any chance?
since last tuesday, i'm not drinking coffee.
dancers wear fancy outfits and dance samba enthusiastically.
i'm only going to be available on tuesday and thursday.
i'm looking forward to seeing this movie's sequel.
i'm really sorry that i couldn't listen carefully to the conversation just a moment ago.
i'm byeon ho lee taking your 'english conversation' lecture.
i'm not that good at english to make a phone call.
i'm learning english from a native speaking teacher at school every tuesdays.
i love how this movie turned the idea of suicide to emphasize the importance of living.
this conversation right now will motivate jy's english studying.
i have enjoyed watching since this movie was first released.
i heard that lee byun-hun is going to be in that movie.
other country currency would be possible to exchange on the internet.
i got to think that ireland is so beautiful while watching the movie.
the last scene of this movie was most impressive to me.
there is heungbu and nolbu story in korean folk tales.
then in the case of korean movies, do they provide subtitles in english?
there are many comments that sympathize with this comic.
this movie was really fun because it was like watching a musical.
in the movie "romeo and juliet" that i watched, a man and a woman fall in intense love.
the freight from me will arrive about next wednesday.
please check the current cargo situation.
when i finished watching the movie, i was so touched.
the reason i like this movie is because of good songs.
there were also western and eastern money exhibited.
the worst movie i have ever seen is called 'the blood brother'.
i downloaded a translation app to talk with you well.
i did work related to geochemistry and experienced many things.
i cleaned the restroom for an hour today.
i checked the file you sent but it's different from the website.
because cremating his dead body is fallen behind the order.
i came to know the movie during my middle school's class.
because the tissues and soaps are consumed fast in the students' restroom.
i think this movie also talks about the things that we should know.
i understand that all the goods are meant to be sent.
when is the best time to call and have a conversation?
i am looking forward to that movie and i am going to see it next week.
i acknowledged what husband and wife are like after watching the movie.
i am going to present about climate change, in other words, global warming.
i also do not change fundamental cosmetics that often.
what is the most memorable movie you've ever watched?
my dream is to become a chemistry researcher and i applied to realize my dream.
of course, i should register my number beforehand.
he became known for this film.
in my life, i rarely get very angry.
it was eighth grade when i saw this film.
also please let me know the concentration of each compound.
if you don't answer the phone in case of an emergency, what is the phone for?
we provide the function that you can change the order of images on the edit screen.
it is hard to learn a new culture and language.
if you are wearing makeups, which cosmetics do you tend to use?
is it possible to lodge from next tuesday for a week?
my daughter sees facebook once a while with my phone.
he borrowed my phone and called you.
he is a weapon expert and well-known as a human weapon.
firstly, i want to know the estimate of the preexisting product in the attached file.
someone might not overcome the cultural shock.
for us to get that freight, admirable execution costs and depot costs will cost.
it's a very important role to convey the conversation with each other.
once the foods were almost digested, my friend bought me a kebab so i enjoyed it.
the search results that cottonseed is to plant from april to june.
and i am going to explain about the general aging phenomenon.
i never tell the conversation between us to someone else.
i have a confirmation over the phone that my visa has been issued.
the movie director kim jo kwangsu's same-sex marriage was a big issue once.
they made a pulpit splendid or placed it somewhere high.
please call the post office and tell them to open the envelope on the box.
the culture of an undeveloped country might be thought to be not good.
also, i would like to have a family culture which is peaceful and communicative.
please keep well not to lose your health from a big temperature change.
the terrible flame had struck jericho to the letter.
i remember it was a good chance to experience our culture.
jee, movie tickets are very hard to reissue.
we came to know the commons and differences between our and philippine cultures.
these days there is active exchange among nations due to globalization and liberalization.
what is the reason that you don't give him your number?
i want to talk to you on the phone but the time is inconvenient.
people who find recommendations for cosmetics from the internet might know this brand slightly.
in 90's movies, there are difficult emotions for us to understand.
trees get the nourishment by synthesizing carbon-dioxide, water, and sunshine.
we are working on organizing specifications for localizing plan.
this is why the cultural heritage agency's happened to move actively.
what other jobs do you do other than phone english education?
yes, next tuesday is the swimming day at school.
a technology of cracking down on multivehicle at the same time based on the division of screen for vehicle control is under the development.
korea should also prepare a solution to manage an aging society.
there are still some salt ponds left in places like seokmodo and ganghwado.
my younger sister bought cosmetics and i bought a cake.
when i talk to my friends, i could smile naturally and be happy.
you would be very mad because of me, but i want to talk to you.
office door can not be opened because the camera was recording.
the movie "rocky" was released in 1976.
a circle stands for concord and a blue stands for trust.
there are tissues in the central park's toilet.
such as this, globalization has contributed to the sharing and vitalization of economy and culture.
please let me know the price when the processing cost is minimized.
the korean language changes a lot as to how you use it.
after the meal, i will spend my time playing golf to digest.
my dream is to become a great movie producer.
i will finish the introduction of my 4 members of happily living family.
this problem looks like his problem who deals with the screen.
please get off at dongdaemun history & culture park station, and transfer to subway line 4.
can i buy products made of ganghwa ginseng other than that?
i like people who try to respect and understand someone else's culture.
from now on, i will call only once or twice a week.
in most cultural areas, birthday has an important meaning for the individuals.
do not put near flame or firearm and use only for the right purpose.
therefore, english is necessary for living in a globalized society.
so we need a lot of time and effort for commercialization.
it is good for the harmonious intake of nutrients and keeping a healthy dietary habit.
in france, there are many cultural remains and works of famous artists.
movie star jang dong-gun and lee young-ae, phy are coming in the opening ceremony.
call the janitor's office and they will take care of anything inconvenient.
don't you think the asian food culture festival will be fun?
maria is not answering the phone, can i speak to her?
the purpose is to seek international cooperation for peace and stable of syria.
there should be marvelous foods at the asia food culture festival, right?
don't call me for anything but only call me when it is important.
why does he threaten you through the phone?
how can i call you if you don't have a phone?
you must submit your composition when you import the chemicals to korea.
i'll try to talk a lot next time.
i hung up the phone from the hotel because i didn't understand what he said.
there is a tough step when you want to be a movie star in korea.
check if the freight is dangerous or not on location.
there's everything in seoul including heritages, administrative agencies, and amusement parks.
there were buildings used for the film shooting.
there wasn't enough money to enjoy cultural life in the past.
if she calls what should i say to her?
if they call you, say that you are sick.
so we organized a differentiated question.
we practice orchestra at a cultural center in the morning.
i did some shopping and ate fishcake at the department store today.
today, i want to introduce you and to talk about the movie 'the martian'
hollywood movies center on the function of the production of specific films.
seeing familiar seoul at hollywood movie is refreshing.
this is it for the presentation about cultural contents.
please make a reservation for 6 pm by calling this number.
if people call this number, exactly what kind of help is provided?
nowadays, you can get a procedure confidently done as it's being legalized.
you have to water the plant once a week.
this is highly related to the problems caused by an aging society.
the screen is reset and the message window says 'stop'.
various controls are required to minimize it.
when the option is activated, the direction of the projection should be established instantly.
there are two efforts to minimize risk.
repairing the bridge is in urgent because of the acceleration in the bridge deterioration.
the internationalization of the enterprise is being progressed rapidly as time passes.
please cc me to every mail for the business efficiency.
space externalization, exteriority as space cannot capture the time.
it is to do a good deed to popularize fencing, but can't i do it?
i watched a movie called miljung that i really wanted to see.
you can listen to music or watch a movie lying on the bed before you go to sleep.
i should study english really hard to talk to you.
i had a sudden stomachache while watching the movie hobbit.
i like it how i can feel that talking to you improves my english.
that's because the toilet is dirty and the facility is not good.
it is insufficient to feel a variety of hawaiian culture.
as i talked with kelvin, i thought i should study english.
i watched a movie on saturday and took a walk through olympic park on sunday.
you can visit samsung service center near do-hwa subway station on monday.
should we visit thailand on our way back from korea on monday or tuesday?
i want to improve my basic conversational skills to feel more confident in english.
i think violent movies are also a field of movies.
violent movies give a similar effect to violent games.
since you can have basic conversations, i would like you to expand your vocabulary.
generally, erasing whiteboard requires quite a lot of movement.
i like everyday conversations but i prefer our lesson to move quickly.
effective conversations help make the treatment more effective
if you want to watch a touching film, i recommend this one.
do not say you don't have money after a long call.
it is not that fancy like department stores, it is more similar to outlet malls.
i watched a movie last week, and i stayed at home because it rained a lot.
i mostly try to use expressions that are used in movies.
there's no movie worth seeing this week.
you can visit the sites #yeonhwamot pond# and #deorrokbungyo branch school# on foot.
we already broke up so don't call me anymore, i don't love you anymore.
you can see the pencil along the arrow in this picture.
secondly, if i hold in my temper and keep the relationship, it is i who gets tired.
in the second phase change, the volume of material increase.
the book was made as a film, so i watched the film first.
suwon hwaseong is a meaningful and precious place to me.
what contents of english study do you do in the british council?
also, i was fascinated by the glamour of fashion and the professionalism of the workers.
i want to call you, but i can't communicate well in english.
my favorite movie genre is action and the most impressed movie is civil war.
since i like movies, i want to watch it with you.
the number you have pressed cannot be used in this version.
because i can feel many kinds of feeling when i watch movies.
because watching movies is fun.
if i find a tv show or a movie that i like, i watch them several times.
anthropology consists of cultural anthropology, physical anthropology, archeology, and ethnography.
our school's festival was held from tuesday to wednesday.
i will tell the headquarter of the team that it will take about an hour.
my feet hurt because i bought a cheap pair of sneakers.
i'm worried every time i pick up the phone if it is not her.
i was trying to call you and you called me at that moment.
the number of ritch hotel is 031-917-0803.
does this shipper usually send the shipments through hong kong as a transit?
can i meet you if i go to travel to hongkong?
i'm currently the vice president of my school's promoting club.
i'm trying to make a calendar for promotion of my company.
it is easy to travel for two nights and three days to hong kong during the semester.
if i come to visit hongkong, you have to be working all day long.
to our regret, the player heung-min son's team refused the temporary transfer.
my hometown is hongcheon, and i moved to chuncheon when i was 4 years old.
i hope i can see you many times before you go to hongkong.
thanks to you, i have many interests in hongkong.
can i have the airplane ticket returning to hong kong from melbourne here?
i`m a high school senior, nineteen years old, how about you?
it was advertised at a home shopping channel last week and it looked so good.
i wrote my name on the visitors' book when i visited the sherlock holmes museum in london.
i want to work for a company named our home.
the website of enterprise bank would like to use the information of the current location.
would you like to go to homeplus with me some other time?
i'm now meeting my friends near my hometown.
it is a pup where you can enjoy a self-made home brewing beer and pizza.
i booked the sagoda through your website.
if i don't like the other homestay i will come back here.
do other homestay friends come to our house tomorrow?
if you want to purchase other products which are being sold on the website of della bale, check here.
you said you got a great job near harris and holmes?
i would like to request the homestay address and airline ticket of this student.
please send the money to this account written on the website.
i thought about quitting working holiday and my job.
i sent an e-mail to apply for a working holiday.
even now i can clearly remember the fascinating night view.
it is a show called k-pop hologram concert klive.
the position of the lens hole on the back of the pen holder is all different
my visa is a working holiday visa and i can do a full-time job.
i am mina kim who applied for the working holiday.
maybe my friend won't go if you come alone.
now i am used to living alone.
although i cannot use the room alone, i can share with a friend.
get information about international marriage report steps.
yesterday i went to the royal tomb of king munmu at ulsan by myself.
first, i'm planning to meet your family there by myself.
don't keep your ideas to yourself.
i'm studying english alone recently every day.
i'm so lonely all the time lying down on the bed alone.
i leave around 7 o' clock to avoid the traffic jam.
i learned the importance of family after i came to canada without my family.
i hope the cat would come to me if i am alone.
when i was home alone, i heard the noise of opening the door.
i didn't expect that he'd let me go alone.
back then i didn't know what to do to prepare on my own.
i am on a diet to look good at my wedding.
eventually, he got to raise song-hwa and his ex-wife's son dong-ho by himself.
he gave me an obstacle to making me live alone.
he was home alone for almost six hours.
if you do it alone, the person before you might be misfortunate.
my friend wants to keep tag along saying it's dangerous for me to go alone.
i have confidence that i can make the person who marry me happy.
when you say you're going to an ex-boyfriend's wedding ceremony, designers inflame the soul.
i think there are three essential things for a beautiful married life.
i cannot understand why you were confused.
but i called my parents and friends because i didn't want to go alone.
men should send a bull to a bride-to-be as a gift to get married.
what will be the reasons that men want to get married?
single tax is a special tax levied on unmarried persons.
i'm so sorry for confusing you with my mistake.
that baby plays alone well as well as playing with friends.
i'm not married yet so i rested at home.
i am not married yet but now i really want to get married.
there is a karaoke that you can go by yourself in tokyo.
i'm not sure if i can arrive on time if you marry at a church.
in the morning i went to school to attend a class by a native speaker.
did your mom tell you that i'm getting married?
this exercise can be done alone but it is more fun to do it together.
i went to my cousin's house by subway for myself today.
parents of a foreigner who married a korean can come to korea.
if you get married to a famous person, it will be hard to be guaranteed your privacy.
sunday was the wedding anniversary day, so my family went to an amusement park.
i was proud of myself that i went on a trip by myself.
first, getting married doesn't always bring happiness.
in the phillippines, can you meet other men after marriage?
because i think a wedding is only for showing off.
i could not sleep last night because i talked with my son about marriage.
a month ban, several months is also ok, i hope you would release the permanent ban.
isn't there a welcome gift and free water in the room?
if so, is there a 15th-anniversary card, by any chance?
lastly, if yes, from whom did you received?
it is an attractive product which creates an elegant and fascinating atmosphere.
i looked australia up and there were lots of famous spots.
i will be working as a cook at a hotel in america.
i will be a person working as a helpful team-player.
i want to go to watermark hotel, how can i get there?
you can find the delivery schedule of ordering number 1 and 2 below.
you can wait in front of ilho drugstore at bupyeong station.
i spent a good time celebrating my wedding anniversary at your hotel.
yes, the phone number is 032-743-2202.
also, i want to be a person effective in the domestic hotel industry.
i saw him swimming across the lake.
i really want to participate in the hotelier professional manpower training course.
i then recognized that australia is an eco-friendly country.
i requested the receipt that i used at your hotel.
i already requested a lot of stuff including hotel reservation.
through this, not only the sales but also customer satisfaction have increased.
i entered the door lock password as you instructed, but the door doesn't open.
i'm glad to celebrate my birthday at your hotel.
i'm very curious so i decided to chase the chicken.
i'm so curious so rode the horse at that spot immediately.
i like the oakwood hotel, but 4 people have to use the same place.
i'll book a hotel tomorrow and give you the information.
help me make good memories here at regal zhooloong hotel.
tell me whether we will be staying in a cheap and good hotel.
take care of yourself until i go back to hochiminh again.
i know that generally, we can use the wifi in the hotel or office.
i got the mail related to my account password and logged in.
the former account number now can be used temporarily.
freon gas should be stopped using to protect the ozone layer.
maybe because i didn't take a rest in the hotel last weekend, today was a hard day.
i drink about once a week at a pub with my friends.
i don't know why i should also try to find out the number.
is there any lost article found in room 702?
it takes around half an hour to get to the available hotel.
if you can work at a hotel, it's good for you to do it.
if you want to use the same number, you have to logout from the device already registered.
how frequently is the rowing game held in this place #tangeumho lake#?
if you come to australia, you can meet me.
our major can find jobs at hotels, travel agencies and duty-free shops.
is your phone number 619-588-5788?
this is room 1110 and i want to reserve 11 people for six-thirty.
please check whether a parcel was delivered for room number 1211.
the water is leaking from the sink of room number 1926, please fix it.
we decided to cover mary's hotel residence expenses.
please pass it to me after modifying those three numbers the same.
i can feel furious tiger-like energy from him.
and you can apply for the visa with that hotel address.
and transfer to line number 2 and get off at the next station.
we suggest a better alternative for a friendly relationship with korea.
i have experience studying hotel management at university.
a man is looking for the manager at the hotel front desk.
one chinese helped me when i traveled to australia 5 years ago.
ramada songdo hotel provides a bottle of mineral water for free.
the breakfast hours at the paradise hotel is until 9:30 am.
it is behind the ramada songdo hotel, near the street on the way up to the chungryang mountain.
please contact me through the number i've sent, thank you.
i like a life that i nurse others and live alongside them.
i lost the receipt where there's the registration number.
the camera is a signal sender so it has no relation with compatibility.
the address of stella marina hotel is 642-2 of nonhyeon-dong, namdong-gu, incheon.
but the #selwolho ship# will always be shouting by their pulse.
then you will see the hotel and there is a police station next to it.
about the three nurses training, the training period is organized as 4 weeks.
you have to avoid overlapped importing by distinguishing the numbers of each post.
at 3rd traffic light turn right, go straight and at road 6 turn left.
so i must get accepted at secretary administration at ho seo university.
i'm sorry but the breakfast is not provided at winners tourists hotel.
i know that the prices of hotels are expensive at this period.
i request to change the ip number to china.
why does this alarm signal occur?
nurse in korea takes care of at least 20 patients a day.
can i check if i am getting the signal normally from peru?
recently line number 3 is in operations so it is close to the west gate market.
due to the lack of interactions with kids of their age, i worry that it will lead to a deficiency in sociality.
edward enjoyed the book "the man who caught the tiger".
they told me me to check again with this number.
the tiger who saw this followed the children and prayed to god.
it was officially announced that wild tigers in south korea have been extinct in the 1960s.
the worker was working on a cable connecting job without his safety helmet.
what is the difference between the business registration number and the corporate registration number?
you have to call that number and get the gas checked.
you were on my facebook because your number is saved in my phone.
you can see a button where my contact is saved.
before, there is a national examination to acquire a nurse's license.
please change the phone number and the e-mail address.
it is possible only if you have a card number, not just a phone number.
can you check if the dog is in the shelter?
the publication of the august issue of collected papers seems to be behind the usual schedule.
the hotel payment has paid with this card number.
if i tell you my card number can you make the payment?
because the number has been changed so i can't receive the net code.
i will do my best to offer a stable service soon.
walkerhill transit hotel is located on both duty-free areas of the 4th floor of incheon international airport.
the walkerhill transit hotel has 96 rooms and a business center.
last week hyeran ordered the same butterfly as you did.
i pray for you to have full of god's kindness in your lives.
i hope god's blessing is in this place today.
we thank for god's grace so we praise our god.
my whole life changed by god's grace.
next, hyerim will present her interview with grace.
his wife is jung hye-young and he lives with his two daughters and two sons.
it is mainly described as there are lots of clever and wise students and usually have good records.
where is the filming site of ‘boys over flowers’ starring minho lee and hyesun gu?
students use the adjectives to make the sentences more detailedly.
your four dolls are not enough to order.
but if it's that kind of form, it also existed in ancient persia or greece.
surely, unexpected accidents can happen in other types of travel.
brother's partner who went together told him to lend some money.
please send it to me again in a different file format.
i didn't give up on soccer even if our family circumstances weren't that good.
there was an older brother so we could arbitrate the situation.
he only heard from his elder brother that he had lost his passport.
if we continue this type of spending pattern, we'll need several earths.
team 1 played as a drama style, i could focus more and be interested.
there is dulmi, a performance using puppets.
i don't think getting plastic surgery is bad.
my round face and low voice resemble my mom.
however, yet no research proves the relevance between blood type and weight.
from now on, we will introduce how to dress up according to body type which can cover the shortcomings.
it's a solid-type perfume and has a good moisturizing effect.
i'm going to talk about how critical plastic surgery is in korea.
i think korea need to legalize the death sentence.
equity in a negotiation usually refers to the equity of distribution.
authoritative way of raising a child shows very high love and control.
it costs a lot making a metallic mold for a bracket.
blood type is b and favorite colors are purple and green.
we would like to discuss the further process with you after we conclude the nda agreement.
you need to let them know the project that i'm going to discuss with you.
tell me what thickness you want after discussing with your client company.
let's make a country change agreement system advancing the climate change agreement.
i have to inform the partner of the project who will discuss with you.
we are adjusting the schedule for meeting with the president of japan beauty institution.
we will have a meeting with our partner company about sales today.
prostate cancer clinical research needs were selected by the discussion of experts.
can i get money exchange at the sinhyup bank in wolmido?
lastly, if the negotiation goes well i want to visit the office in person.
may i get back to you tomorrow after i discuss with the department in charge?
system c is being discussed so we will check the quantity afterward.
bargaining power of buyers can be said relatively low.
this event aims for the promotion of the brand through a sponsor.
two companies cooperated and solve many problems.
people believe that personality and behavior are different depending on the blood type.
animal produce insulin to control the blood sugar level.
the blood types of yours and mine are usually well harmonized together.
at this time, it is possible that a blood vessel burst and spill blood.
examining body, blood, and diabetes and so on is course a.
you can figure out the self-healing mechanism in diabetic ischemia model.
i think the electricity bill will be high because a lizard is a cold-blooded animal.
personal information such as blood type/nationality/emergency contact is sent.
secondly, it helps with maintaining a healthy heart.
i used to work in the hyundai motors for 9 years.
i was sad because it made me feel like i saw a too realistic society.
i want to guide korean tourists abroad.
i will study english until my dreams come true.
extreme weather occurs worldwide these days.
yes, but wouldn't it be quite different from the modern fencing?
i suggest buying it before we enter the performance site.
i really like to solve problems at the industry site.
people don't cherish the present and always regret the past.
i'm using a laptop to use the internet at busan.
i'm planning to give awards to the workers here.
i know well that i practically cannot live with you right now.
i have five years of legal visa in the united kingdom.
due to the abnormal climate, we are going through a heatwave.
it is a good example that duralumin is used for aircraft materials.
the phenomenon like this corresponds with the tendency of time increase.
are you living satisfyingly with your life right now?
i don't want to live busily like contemporary people these days.
i can't respond because i'm at a different site.
by that, now i became active and fun character.
you have to refrain your emotional feeling and always have to face the customers with a smiling face.
i am not seeing your present deficiency in black and white.
what i'm doing at kumyang international is various.
he couldn't rescue three children from the fireplace.
it shows the peculiar looks in the case of the blood donation present condition by sex.
if you can proceed from the current situation, it would be perfect.
it was fresh that the movie had put in the problem of current society.
do you remember we worked as a field experience at a company when we were a senior in high school?
please submit the site fare to the consignee right away.
soo-hyun kim, the main character gathers with other spies to stand up to the commander.
the view of the shantytown where the main character soo-hyun kim lives were filmed.
delivering to russia from the post office is being delayed at the moment.
we are planning to extend the front length 4cm based on the present sample.
i have expressed a lot until now, but it's not enough to express my love.
i am preparing step by step to make my dreams come true.
that man installed a signboard near the hyundai camp.
we approached this phenomenon historically and socially.
yes, you are right now my friend and i'm also your friend.
this road is made by hyundai motors company and it was given to ulsan city.
this much would be covered by current product sales.
in a word, the computer is a genius.
modern people are most exposed to stress.
this program is currently broadcasted every monday 9:30 pm at jtbc.
but after ha dohyun got supernatural power, they have never met each other.
the one at yonan dock is called hyundai cruises, and their number is 032 882 5555.
it's written that geyang mountain fortress is currently recorded as the monument number 10th of incheon city.
two sons are playing an instrument in wall 10 team right now.
i am thinking of also meeting you in america with a local guide.
this movie captivates me and makes me forget reality.
please understand my bad english.
please put recyclable materials in the recycling bin at the entrance.
i'm working on january-march inventory encashment management.
1 euro is now about 1,700 won in our currency.
i'll make a manual with contents of solution case studies given to industry fields until now.
because of this, the negative aspects appeared on the surface as it is now.
participants who are currently on vacations or outside duties could not sign.
this product is not distributed in korea now.
i'm sorry to let you know but currently, there's no website you could download a product manual.
i'm sorry but currently, there is no way to help you.
4th graders go on a field trip so there's no need to attend class.
first, safety innovation master plan was made by the people and government together.
even if the case is closed, i'll help you so don't worry.
the woman is confused after seeing a person in a mailbox.
because it is better than doing nothing at all.
rinse and dry your hair and you get glossy and fragrant hair.
these days, i go to the gym and work out with sports equipment.
starting tomorrow, i'm going to start my exercise at a gym, but i don't know what to start with.
stepmother insisted to put henzel and gretel away in the woods.
in the film, hector is living a satisfactory life as a psychiatrist.
i wanted her to be happy even though we broke up.
i went to my sister's house in cheonan after parting with my friends.
today's morning headline news was about the typhoon in the philippines.
i still can't feel i broke up with you.
what will you do if i broke up with him and still don't date tony?
i hate mondays that i have to say goodbye to you.
if i can see your face once more, it's ok even if we part after just a meal.
if you can make even a drop not leak, i will approve it.
in soccer, there is also a lot of time when you confuse the opponent by false kicking.
what score should i get in the final exam to get a+?
i want to tell you about my experiences.
i think it's lucky to experience something like this at this age.
i learned from this experience, how to not give up and try my best.
i have exams this week, so i might not be able to contact you often.
i couldn't take the science exam, so i was transferred to class b.
then isn't there any lodging package after the yacht experience?
after all, i could sit in the first row of class a after taking the next exam.
he realized the problem when he completed the experiment.
this experience helped to work through a part-time job.
can i be the first to take the test on may 13th?
there will be folk games event and also a cooking contest will be held.
i heard that the professor will give the exam questions in english.
the authors wrote this chapter as experienced educators.
not an interesting experience but there was a bit panicking situation.
batteries are declared as a dangerous item so that you can't get on a plane with it.
because i want to feel more kinds of experience and enjoyment.
you'll regret that you couldn't have come with more experience.
to widen my view of the world by gaining more experience.
to have more experience and improve english skills.
so, the experience is the teacher of everything.
i failed the exam twice and finally got passed for the third time.
the dispersibility in the second experiment turned up to be the greatest.
above all, thank you for participating in the experiment.
to be honest, i saw roy cheating during the french exam.
i will try to make you experience everything you can.
when experimented in korea, more than 90 percent was removed.
because cosmetics can't be produced without animal experiment.
seems like daniel is getting stressed because it's exam period.
i hope daniel's test is over so he can go together.
i am worried that daniel seems like he is getting stressed about exams.
i also don't know guy's heart because of the lack of experience.
for example, there is keen competition for a seat in the library during the exam period.
is this the classroom that song-i cheon had a 0 point at the exam?
korean have been educated focused on tests and grammar.
i was curious about cancer from personal experience.
the lessons from personal experiences will always be with you.
one of the positive experiences was giving the cc
the class will start from next week because there's an exam this week.
i studied today also because the exam is next week.
snorkeling is marine sports looking inside water from outside water.
let me know the thing that you want to experience especially and the date of the visit.
because i got first place in the exam.
because i didn't study hard enough to do well on the test.
the safety bar was loose so my butt lifted from the seat when the viking went up.
i think you will be happy with a wife who is devoting to you.
a major incident was prevented thanks to the girls' dedication.
as the reward of the year of dedicating cooperation, i want to invite you.
especially, the patented vitamin protects the skin.
i didn't know that i should take my home driver's license and passport additionally.
if i wear it without permission, they get angry on that.
it's easier to check if you also take your driver's license.
this deal is not allowed so you can't use it.
this plan can be modified a bit during the approving process.
if this relationship is allowed by god, you and i can be together.
this college does not allow the entering of foreign students.
can you understand using my belongings without my permission at choice?
it's an excellent salad with chicken breasts and honey bacon dressing.
to check when is my driver's license test?
consider commercialization possibility within the invention patent period.
i want to talk with you to improve my language.
let's use only english in kakaotalk to improve our english skills.
students have to overcome nostalgia and loneliness.
i could get any kind of education to improve my sales ability.
what were you doing when i was fully into you?
it has been 3 months since i visited my hometown as well.
there are many family members because it is forbidden to divorce with the effect of catholic.
since you have a good memory of people's preference, you can satisfy them well.
third, the introverts have keen insight and creativity.
rosemary is good for being antibiotic, sterilization and moisturization as well.
it's hard to tell because every customer has different tastes.
i feel at ease and good to come back home after a long time.
to reach the goal, i am doing my best today as well.
how should christians react to this problem?
i realized this feeling is for him is real from the bottom of my heart.
that's why i have a big attachment and interest in perfume.
the article was published in an influential newspaper in korea.
what a small world, meeting my hometown friend in a foreign country.
it is not scientific that one's personality gets decided from it.
they have a patent for duplex wind power generator in korea.
the front side was accentuated with feminine characteristics and the back with masculine traits.
there is a willingness to take off from the bad influence.
come down straight a little more to hall parking lot direction.
side view and front view of the tape's direction look different.
probably he is in the kenya airport to board an airplane to america
i was so happy, but i got nervous soon.
i couldn't even have time to ask because my companies had to move quickly.
i was slightly nervous because it was my first time to be in such an event.
i was very happy and i could learn about their lifestyle.
you're answering too much just by asking.
you won't at least starve if you use 20,000 won for two months.
with his kind act and passion, he was elected as a president.
let's live until the day we all become happy.
i thought i was understanding to some extent with the published brochure.
i really looked forward to this school trip since it was going to be my last one.
first of all, i'm wondering about the concept of the social mobile game currently being developed.
world of pediatric surgeons struggling for the welfare of the family.
currently, about the tasks that we are processing with shinhan bank is as followed.
being on the submarine is impressed in my memory the most from that travel.
proceed after confirming and please let me know the schedule.
i nearly collapsed due to the late-night flights and transfers.
juniors showed awesome festivals until the march.
don't you know how hard your behavior is making?
i missed the transfer flight because of a flight delay from incheon.
i'm not always happy even though i look happy.
i managed the visitor list of the department event and arranged the venue.
i'm worried that such behavior from me is going to hurt my true love.
i'm having a delicious and pleasant meal together.
i leave all the things behind the flight to korea.
i'll be with you forever happily.
which event will i be joined as a staff?
which number is the window issuing airline ticket to incheon airport?
i have made a lot of great memories throughout this trip.
i had a good time with my old friends yesterday.
i hope this travel will remain as a good memory to josh.
i hope you have a happy next year.
i hope you have a wonderful day full of luck!
i hope you have a merry christmas and a happy new year
i have another event scheduled, so i won't be able to watch the basketball match.
the professionalism and productivity can drop according to it.
where does the plane bound for perth, australia transfers at?
i am happy the most when i eat delicious foods.
when i traveled abroad, it was hard for me to talk to foreigners.
today, i'll introduce the ways to be happy to you.
i don't doubt that this trip will be fun.
i don't let my misfortune not know it too.
i don't want to do these acts nor do i want to see them.
i contracted for this travel schedule.
i could not find my luggage loaded in the flight to nepal.
i came to jeju international airport to take a plane to daegu.
i am really happy and feel like the world is in my hand.
i am always happy but you make me happier.
he makes me happy but honestly, i am a bit sad.
a lot of good memories with my friends were made through this trip.
my company got a fishbone stuck in his throat while eating grilled spanish mackerel.
i took this camera for school field trips or picnics.
my happiest memory is while studying abroad in the philippines.
it is true that the currency exchange rate is expensive at banks in the airport?
is it a game where i try to guess which animal you are acting?
your parent's reputation will be damaged if you misbehave.
it is silly but most of the poor people are doing so.
my that kind of action can put you in danger.
he will be using here because of the event today.
nonetheless, the opening ceremony at sports events is the most anticipated thing.
we discussed and processed the schedule and the progress with the production crew.
we have to check where the plane is right now.
we have to clear away the snow for the pedestrians' safety.
if i happen to disturb your happiness, i will do as you want.
my travel mate and i decided to book with you.
atm operates through networks built by the banks.
i want to live happily with my family and be good to my parents.
where should i go to transfer for the flight to durham?
it should be not a temporary but rather a long-loved game.
and then realizes that real happiness is not materialistical wealth.
i would be appreciated if you could tell me your flight arrival time at incheon airport.
i was preparing and traveling several other countries i lost my mind.
i haven't had any problems traveling.
where have you traveled and what was the most memorable thing to you?
i have arranged a's orders that have been processed until now.
thank you for all the hard work that you've proceeded.
we need to have a deeper understanding and more research on this planet.
grandmother had bad health that she couldn't even board the plane.
bless you living your life with god.
my parents went on a trip and my friend is supposed to come to my house in an hour.
i was sad when i met an awkward friend during my travel in canada.
then that's fine, hope you also have a good day!
i think you will also finish the big event as well.
when we were traveling in jeju, my brother used to give us delicious food.
i can't rest because i have to prepare for the event all weekend.
people can feel happiness by traveling.
i too have stayed up some nights because of the big amount of homework for prior learning.
there is a movie called butterfly effect which is about time-traveling to the past.
i'm trying to wipe the plates with a dry cloth but i can't find one.
go have fun and make a lot of memories for this trip you haven't had in a while.
and i want to enlarge my perspectives and values through many trips.
the deadline for correction order implementation is set for 9:00 am, august 4th.
gulliver had an accident during his journey and was found in an unknown land.
most of the tasks should proceed the way they are.
i hope you plan out in advance when you go on a trip.
what comes up to your mind when you think of traveling?
david, i hope everything you wish will come true in the new year.
the actions or thoughts of one person influence others.
there have been private information leakages of many people at card companies and banks.
i am worried that you will be hurt because of my minor actions.
you should submit a record of publishing report regularly.
so i was very busy preparing the event for about a month.
i have prepared the following preparation for quality work execution.
i transferred twice from there and came all the way here.
last time the bank did more than what was possible to help your business.
please refer to the photo issued by the center.
where was the best place in la while traveling?
i am contacting you to tell you thanks for your care during my trip to china.
i will try to transfer the money on monday because the banks don't open on the weekends.
it was a program that manages projects progressed in the company.
i am spending my time traveling and meeting friends in korea.
i couldn't get proper sleep because the flight back to korea got delayed to dawn.
when i traveled to china, me and my friend, only two of us went.
it would be really comfortable if i use genie talk while traveling abroad.
as we are proceeding this project for a small amount, we are planning to receive domestic orders only.
fortunately, the cancellation was available since the air shipment was not made yet.
please issue and send us an invoice to the following address.
it is a bag made to be used as a backpack or a traveling bag.
is it okay for underage to travel along to our party?
how long did it take to accomplish this work?
i look forward to your kind cooperation for the aso project progressing in the next 10 days.
how can one's happiness be more important than the misfortunes of others?
my happiness is related to my neighbor's happiness.
this arises when more than two regular parallels cross each other.
an ideal travel agency should move the customers rather than give satisfaction.
if there is overtime, the rule called shoot-out is applied.
i am checking in just in case you were having any trouble proceeding with the project.
policy 1 will be activated starting may 1st, 2016.
i stayed at a guest house during the two weeks of my journey.
please send me attaching the receipt and bank information again.
i won't be back in sydney until next week because i am traveling at the moment.
productivity-oriented behavior is an act emphasizing work with job-related technology.
i'm happy right now and i think i will keep on being happy.
i traveled to canada during the vacation because i always wanted to do so.
the scene where he drops riding his car from the plane was fantastic.
please send me the file every day even if you haven't conducted a test.
where can i watch the video clip to progress the test?
the sign isn't fixed on the upper side, it is hanging there.
the highlight of a singapore trip is universal studios.
the philippines is regarded as a dangerous place to travel.
because the plane got delayed and i spent a lot of time at the airport.
what do you prefer, resort or backpacking vacations?
because it is the basic knowledge of the country we are going to travel to.
because traveling gives an entirely new experience for me.
i was so worried, i hope you don't get hurt from now on.
i will never be able to forget the moments i had with you.
yes, i have been cleaning for two hours when you called.
i had a bad experience when i visited last time.
i used to play baseball but nowadays i can't because of work.
among the many things i have done, there is the most memorable one.
she said she found her lost card when i checked.
the reason i worked was to earn money.
i don't understand that you are disappointed.
except for the descriptive problem that everyone struggled, i think i got everything right.
i applied because it is what i usually did and i am confident about it.
what project do you think is suitable for junior colleagues to do?
we were trying to go camping but we will probably stay at home because it is raining.
it will proceed in the same way that school did in the first week.
we would like to return the defective ones from the molds we purchased from you.
i am wondering how the matters that we discussed are being progressed.
as the movie began and time passed, the atmosphere was extraordinary.
an extra 5 won was withdrawn than we anticipated.
i am sending you the documents and email we turned in.
i kept on praying to wish my mom was safe.
can you send the contents of our conversation once again via text message?
unlike our thoughts, goblins and ghosts are different.
she could not fulfill her love because she was poor.
the payment of equipment is delayed than we expected.
my friend told me that chinese people need a visa to come to korea.
in our meeting, you said you'd make it for us.
do you know about the printer that we used?
we request a change in materials because the quality isn't what we expected.
we make growth but he always worries about us.
the memories i kept for the last two years must have been memories made by myself.
despite we worked on it fast, i am very pleased with the general results.
i called him but he said he's working so he's going to call me back.
what he needed was a hat he could wear.
and they said a habit of recycling the products we used is also needed.
however, i reached you to confirm what we have promised on.
but it was not as smelly as i thought and it was good.
do you really need the english scores of the two students who attended the seminar?
i can track the one that i ordered on the same day but not this one.
she sleeps during class even though she showed up late.
she might have thought of you just as a person to do a one night stand.
it was warm and the scenery of the forest was very beautiful.
we looked at handsome guys and pretty girls.
we deliberated about what to do with the defected ones.
we provide an attached file as we promised.
she also received many presents from other friends and was glad.
we arrived at timesquare after an hour by bus.
we promised to meet a friend who lives in australia.
anyway, when are you going to send me the products that i ordered?
as i said before, you are very kind and quite a good tutor.
are a lot of the athletes who participated that time taking part in this competition as well?
the music i played at this moment was chopin's ballade no.1
my friend who i called said the market in china isn't in a very good situation.
i was already not that good but i haven't been using it for a long time so i forgot it all.
i would like to ask for your advice because i am worried that i might break it if i disassemble it myself thoughtlessly.
are there any other apps that you want us to support?
it is very embarrassing if you mistake him as your friend.
i thought that the toeic class would be interesting because i liked english.
i made a reservation for using a tent, can i bring my pet?
did you submit the article or did you forgot the deadline?
isn't it too much using up 200mb for just checking the alarms?
more than half of them who once used the service is using the service again.
dating that has failed once has a high possibility of failing again.
i decided to become a patissier because i loved bread.
so my friend who felt bad cleaned the mess again.
i'm very sad we got departed and i couldn't even say thank you.
how would have the insects felt when they arrive at the sea.
i want to talk about what i've been usually thinking, things which are not american culture.
i took a ticket number first when i visited the bank.
let's forget what happened before and work with happily.
i spend my time watching movies or going on a walk when i visit my hometown.
i practiced photoshop as i promised myself last time.
can you tell me the number after the delivery?
i might have sent it before but please check it once again.
all of my friends who visited here got their rooms upgraded.
they finally told me that they will give me a refund after i complained to the company.
there are many changes in the blueprint since i last submitted it.
even though i was satisfied with the work, i decided to quit for my future.
i am sad because i couldn't contact my parents since i arrived in the usa.
i was informed last time that i would be able to track the delivery status within a few days.
they said work experience in korea helped tremendously abroad.
as i arrived at my hometown, my parents and relatives were making kimchi.
it is relieving to hear that you arrived.
on the other hand, there are so many memories of me failing.
as i told you before, it's hard to tell only by photos.
i made a reservation and i was wondering if i could leave my luggage until i check-in.
i made an appointment but i expected to wait at least one hour anyway.
i was tired today so after studying at the academy i came back home.
you tried your not to hurt me.
they yearned for each other because they were in love.
the class wasn't as hard as i expected.
my girlfriend is married and on the contrary, i'm feeling sorry for her.
i majored in chemistry and have a license for managing chemistry elements.
i understood and came to see you cause i love you.
i think that the part thinking about health is a great part of the service.
i studied composition and want to be a famous composer.
since i liked drawing pictures i decided to be an artist.
i made a reservation for a hotel but the credit card hasn't be confirmed.
doing exercises is natural for me since i majored in sports.
i loved you but you didn't love me.
when you declare fee rise, there are two probable responses of the agency.
i asked for calculation but haven't received my change yet.
i canceled the order but it hasn't been refunded.
i applied for the test but the transaction has not been completed.
we booked a resort pension and played soccer at a field there.
i will send the extra cost you've required immediately when i arrive.
you must be tired from the flight, take enough rest and i'll see you on wednesday.
the rent-a-car you required can be picked up tomorrow morning.
i need more time for the productivity data you requested.
science developed but with considerable sacrifice.
i received the package but got something totally different.
his mother already passed away when the husband arrived.
the trip was special because i stayed at the hotel.
at least tell me the size of the product you experienced.
as you recommended, we're positive to accept this.
we can offer you 100 pairs of two-tone gloves that you've ordered.
who do you think is more beautiful, me or her?
one was sold and the gold graphic came into attention.
i'm sure that you are a good person though i have never met you.
will you be able to keep talking to me even though you were disappointed in me?
style your monotony uniform with warmth and charm.
although we prepared diligently, we were not able to win 1st place.
i studied hard but i hung out a lot so i don't think i studied properly.
i'm sorry that we really prepared a lot but the results were not good.
i prepared hard and eventually made it here.
since my friend studied hard, she got into the college of education.
the sunshine was too hot and my condition was not good.
my skin color has changed from white to yellow because of thailand's sunlight.
you can draw rainbows and sunlight in your picture.
they also sell hamburgers, fries, and sandwiches.
pile up sliced ham, cheese, tomatoes, and vegetables.
i wanted to know your phone number first.
that doesn't mean you should blindly donate without thinking.
this product line also doesn't distinguish between oily and dry skin as far as i know.
we sincerely hope that this lamp brings about happiness for you.
for the most part, i eat medium steak at this restaurant.
this restaurant adds 10 percent to the bill.
this recipe doesn't require an oven, so it’s a lot easier to do.
the main focus of this report is on ethical dilemmas.
the first customer who bought this lens didn't submit payment.
this robot picks up the heavy load when people work.
this is a pristine robot that ranks 3rd in the world.
this robot can take care of and entertain babies.
this robot makes washing baby's hair a cakewalk.
how long do you think i can use this lotion?
send this report to your boss, kim i think, as fast as possible.
now this lipstick will bring about a glow about your face.
you'll be a truly trendy person with this lipstick on.
the sales of this lipstick will be used as donations for aids patients.
by buying these lipsticks, you'll be contributing to helping out aids patients.
is there nothing else worth checking out here apart from the fairy tale drawings?
there's a kind man who suddenly went from rags to riches living here.
the history of this place dates back all the way from the choseon dynasty, 550 years ago.
i can only explain this feeling of my mind as love.
we're going to have to buy this microchip in bulk, as much as we can.
i admit this message could in some ways mean nothing at all.
i couldn't go back to sleep because of this message.
i'd be ever so grateful if you reply after this message.
this messenger recommends me to people who have me saved as a friend.  
this makeup is based on minuscule, smooth ice.
it'd be very appreciated if you link my reservation to this email.
if you send a message to this email address, i can't receive it. 
i'm asking you via this email because it's the only one i know.
please send me a call after you check this email.
you don't have to cc this email.
this email is being sent to both domestic and foreign supply chains.
i'm the one who wrote this email, not my son.
i sent this extra email because the attached file was too large to send.
please take the appropriate actions after you read this email.
please check the email first before you send it.
i'd love to be able to be accepted into this program and work hard as a supporter.
this model can't be utilized in a 4-gram network.
i am curious whether this model has an lte modem as well.
this model's clothes have a black and white tone.
this model doesn't receive the same support as the previous models.
i don't know if i can put my faith in this model anymore.
i know that all of this work is your official responsibility.
all this was possible ever since i bought a suit from gucci.
all of these are parts of my planned ideal dream.
i cannot thank my parents enough for all of this.
even you can't be free from all this.
can't you see all of this was me trying to help you?
if you just keep in mind those two things, green tea can help you out immensely.
out of these two wines, which one is better?
if you tell me the differences between these two, i'd greatly appreciate it.
to be able to have korean pride, i think you need these two things.
the difference here compared to the other two places is the fact you can cook the noodles yourself.
their lives have both similarities and differences.
can i switch between the two?
they're both my kids, and they brought their certificates with them too.
these two foods can easily be bought anywhere in korea.
the brother's attempts and failures at a revolution told us many things.
i can prove that these two are actually the same person.
it's hard to judge them since they're both only theories right now.
the thing that these have in common is that they're both shadow economy activities.
this drama is favorably received by koreans too.
other countries have remade this drama into their versions.
this drama portrays the love that transcends the boundary between aliens and humans.
the popularity of this drama brought about plenty of parody versions.
this popular drama was on air until recently.
the male protagonist's acting is simply infatuating.
characters from all parts of the country appear in this drama.
this episode begins in earnest with the wife running away.
these stores are each registered to a different company.
policies that reduce these costs should be implemented.
the authority over this team is in the hands of the players.
they put on a performance that captured the pain animals experienced.
they want to give off positive influences upon the world.
these people occupy the desert region of northern africa.
they're interested in the likes of accessories, cosmetics, and plastic surgery.
they produce all of their own songs.
their ability to garner information from the internet is unrivaled.
when can we expect to receive the 4th quarter checks from our subsidiaries?
their efforts allowed them to follow their own pursuits.
if we go through with this design, how much will it cost per pcs?
in this design, we tried harmonizing flowerpots with triangles. 
rice is the main food source in korea, what's yours?
the weather in korea is cloudy, and it's making me feel blue.
korea is minus 10 degrees celcius but compared to where you're at its spring here.
korean weddings simultaneously incorporate both traditional and western styles.
he seemed surprised after hearing about korea's education methods.
in which direction do you think korea should take its education system?
if you don't adapt to korea's education system, it's going to be difficult to score good grades.
thanks for waiting through 5 days worth of national holidays here in korea.
korean students are throwing too much money on language studies.
most high schools in korea prefer smart students.
korean parents both work, and this often puts them into positions where there's nobody to take care of their kids.
the plastic surgery industry in korea is booming due to strong demand.
the summer temperature in korea varies from region to region, but the average is around 25 degrees celcius.
how are european investors reacting to the situation with korea's bank bonds?
korea's own jackie cycle will soon be knocking on the american market.
would you like to try this product that korean middle school students dote on?
one of korea's traditions is to bow their heads when they meet elders.
korea's accountants may disagree with what headquarters think.
why is it that korea can't seem to get results in taekwondo?
koreans usually ate this in times of harmonization.
we understand that you had no choice but to hide this because of the prejudices in korea.
koreans students face immense pressure when it comes to university acceptance.
koreans and many tourists around the world come to visit this place.
koreans use different verbs then america when talking to adults.
even though i was korean and captivated by its beauty, the air was still unfamiliar.
the korean alphabet uses all 24 of its characters to create every possible word.
how about going to the hangul festival if you want to learn korean?
one of them gave birth twice, the other three times.
strike the block with a momentary concentration of power.
it's better to do them one at a time than all at once.
i'd like to see you pick up the check sometimes after i pick one up.
let's go around clockwise and each present what we have to share.
this product can be held in one hand and can be stored folded.
this korean restaurant sells spicy catfish soup, sujebi and korean style beef.
this korean restaurant allows you to experience the taste of beef and mushroom hotpot and oyster stew.
this korean restaurant sells mountain vegetable bibimbap and duck bulgogi.
you can try out curry, salads and small dish food at this korean joint.
if you know the chinese character for the word, then its easier to understand. 
if you continue to add layers upon layers of korean traditional paper on top of each other, it becomes as hard as a tree.
after gorging ourselves silly, we took the bus back to bupyeong station.
for now, we'll move to ask for that examination to be conducted on the 10th.
on the other hand, single women preferred having a job then getting married.
furthermore, i always feel bad that i'm not good enough for you.
we will try our hardest to pull the schedule ahead of time.
you'll end with too much on your plate if you keep putting off work.
trick or treating on halloween is just like a festival.
children get to eat candies and chocolate during halloween.
i still have a lot i want to discuss, but i'll stop since i know the position you're in is a difficult one.
that person next to that old woman is trying to steal something!
i spent my time hanging at grandma's house, chatting with my sister.
i thank the fact i was able to bring my grandparent's happiness.
it’s a story about a grandmother going back to her twenties.
i feel nothing but crushing regret knowing i never took care of my grandmother properly.
i can go get that pen with a discount on that market.
one way to get a discount is to apply for a partial refund after payment.
i thank all the classmates from the class of london, new york and sydney for studying with me.
i'm grateful for you tagging along with me during the trip, but i worry if i wasn't an inconvenience.
it'll take 20 minutes by either bus or car to get to the white sand hamdeok beach.
we'll have to remove any products that have more than 20mmol's of the chemical.
you can get to taste the likes of hamheung and traditional cold noodles, dumpling stew and boiled pork. 
synthetic detergents bring about water pollution issues as well as side effects on the human body.
it's a pity we don't have any practice navigation programs.
the aviation industry places the utmost importance upon customer service.
opening the port translates into a willingness to trade with other countries.
i'm always grateful, so feel free to send messages whenever it suits you.
i pray that you are always healthy and under the lord's blessing.
thanks for always meeting and thinking about me during your frenzied schedule.
as always, you'll be trackable starting from this afternoon.
as always, you'll be able to track your pray from the afternoon.
we must always keep the mindset of putting others ahead of ourselves.
thanks for always asking how i'm doing and if anything concerning is happening.
always check how many bullets left you have after a wolf hunt.
you're always forcing me into letting you do what you want!
i always end up saying i love you first.
thank you for all your concerns, and i apologize for missing so many sessions.
i'm always grateful for our professor for greeting us with a smile.
he always showed a team-first mentality whilst never losing his humble demeanor.
thank you for teaching and taking care of my son.
that’s why i'm always surrounded by lots of friends.
thanks a million for your work, it always brings a smile on my face.
you'll need both a caring heart and the action to see it through when it comes to friends.
thanks for your kind guidance, i look forward to learning more with you.
you don't have to carry cups all the time to drink water here.
thanks for your continued interest in the korean market and for giving us opportunities.
thanks for the love and care you've shown for korea.
i simply can't understand why you sent the product after you got my complaint mail.
you can experience the taste of freshly caught octopus, conch and sea squirts, courtesy of female divers.
i am well aware that it's going to be difficult to procure these animals.
this product is currently enjoying high popularity levels in korea.
thanks for being patient with our translation work.
rising sea levels cut into the landmass where animals and plants can survive.
maritime engineers work in areas such as the designing and building of ships and maritime constructs.
in what way are the sun and moon going to settle who's stronger?
since you're currently abroad, you can't directly send payment to your bank account.
we need to make sure people can eat imported food without any worries.
you can purchase this abroad, but you'll have to use paypal.
if you request a cancellation, the employee over there will cancel it for you.
thanks to your picture on my cellphone, i drag myself through my work.
i've only ever used my phone for sending messages and taking calls.
since phones belong to students, we require their permission.
after verifying yourself via cell phone or i-pin, you can register.
you should fix your demeanor to match that of a nurse.
the first secret of happiness is to never fall in the trap of comparing yourself to others.
i wish you a happy, merry christmas.
seeing my sister and her happy marriage makes me want to consider marriage myself.
i think they're acknowledging the results i achieved during my work on advertising during the festival.
you'll have to wait until all the administration staff finishes their lunch.
you can take a look at both haengju castle and seooreung royal tomb, which is designated as a world heritage site.
here at this local speciality restaurant you can try things like chinese style spicy seaweed noodles and haeju style bibimbap.
we'll try our hardest to ensure such a problem never comes up again.
we plan to establish a team that exclusively deals with investments as well as an office in busan.
an old man that loved to read heo-saeng lives here.
we have to adjust our plan according to whether or not we get permission, so please reply quickly.
could you enlighten me on what is needed to get a license permit?
these pants don't seem to fit my waist, do you have any other sizes for them?
i think your body looks better since your thighs got thicker. 
it'll take another hour if you come after taking a shower after your workout.
new and innovative automobile developments renew my motivation.
do you want to pay in cash or in checks?
these are observations regarding the changes in modern families and future residencies.
society is not an exclusive place for elites.
the way we live in the present is nothing like we lived in the past.
don't think for a second you can worm out of this just because you sent an email to the hyundai construction manager.
it's possible to create reality, but you can't fake heart.
weta bugs are currently being pushed towards extinction by rats.
right now the plan is scheduled to commence for 12  weeks, but i'd like to push it back to 13.
as of now, they're a company with a 1600 strong workforce and whose annual sales reach 1 trillion krw.
right now we've produced and stored and extra 9000 yards (8.2 kilometers) of mesh.
bbq currently runs over 350 chain stores across 57 countries.
what are the current undergoing processes of the gp right now?
right now, samsung can only produce up to the width of 20mm.
all the money i have on me right now is this check card and 500 dollars in cash.
the medical staff is waging a tough battle against mers disease in the isolation ward.
the boys pooled their efforts and beat back the villains.
i'm glad my small efforts put a smile on their faces.
after cultivating my company, i'm going to pass it on to my child.
even if the task at hand seems to be a  herculean one, never give up.
i managed to enjoy the beautiful view i never thought i'd see again.
man, i keep getting all these thoughts in my head because i'm tired these days.
indeed, the difficulty of this job is making me depressed.
even though there are a lot of tough times at work, there are even more positive days.
  i just feel sorry that you're doing everything while i'm contributing nothing at all.
the thoughts of my family keep me from getting dragged down at work.
whever my fear of heights kicks in, i want to try jumping off tall heights to simply overcome it.
i've always completed hard tasks with no mistakes inbetween.
i'm going through a rough spot, but thankfully hee-man is stepping in to help.
well, our hellish school life is now over, how about a party?
what would you do if i said my life is spiralling out of control, and that i need help?
the tasks designated to me are difficult, but i think they're also really important.
the rain made it a bit difficult to enjoy, but it was a great school trip nonetheless.
please let someone, anyone who will be steadfast and support me appear by my side.
even if the process is difficult and uncomfortable, please understand.
this movie led me to realize that plenty of other people have tougher lives than i do.
it's difficult now, but just keep thinking that change is possible.
i can't help you if my emotions are also scarred.
i met you during a difficult time, and because of that i couldn't take care of you all that well.
we prepared this product for hard-working people like you.
sudden and straining exercise can negatively impact your health.
no matter what the crisis is, praying to god helps me soothe my mind.
 they pelted back with all their strength back to the city mouse's house.
the unemployment rate is rising alongside the difficulty of getting a job.
she remained stoic until the door closed.
in addition, it seems there are 100 more books concerning healing.
it's amazing to see a tree that had been uprooted completely still going strong.
please fold the folded part that’s inside slowly towards the outside.
my estimated destination time on the 20th of january will be around 9:05 pm, london heathrow airport.
our house needs a number of things to be fixed, including the heater.
enjoy your time off with your family on your birthday.
if there's no traffic, it takes about an hour to an hour and a half getting here.
after assassinating ito hirobumi, he devoted himself to creating a school and fostering human talent.
first things first, i owe you a sincere apology.
well, shouldn't we be getting it straight from the factory?
your body screams routine, what's your secret?
make sure if the machine is capable of cleaning.
she achieved good grades after studying hard.
after getting through the first day unscathed, we went to the seo-myeon to sleep on the next.
even if its nothing, please tell me everything truthfully.
i've been focusing on my english studies and my exercise routine.
i'd rather you first be quiet than tell me to be.
i went into a store, joined by hogeyong and his girlfriend whom i met by chance at gangnam.
i'm gradually opening my eyes to the truth of love.
if you continue dancing, your reactions become swifter and your posture will become better.
i'd also like to know exactly when the date is.
that person must also be one that keeps their promises seriously.
i'm extremely pleased to be here with you all.
i'd like to receive good grades by studying hard.
is there anything i need to prepare beforehand?
i'm studying english as hard as i can so i can better communicate with you.
we tried going back to the forest lodge since we couldn't seem to get any fish.
still, you haven't sent a reply back to our email.
however, i soon started to draw cartoons and male characters as well.
if you keep listening, your english listening skills will increase.
unfortunately, there are no companies that specialize in creating high-quality bicycles in korea.
unfortunately, you can't expect much from the hotel facilities right now.
i'm ready to love you forever.
i'm still struggling to get a good night's sleep.
i think she can totally get that gold medal.
thankfully, she went for the cheaper cap-style version instead of the pricey standing-style version.
elly enjoyed her life with her simple but happy family.
after you guys mull it over, tell me what you think.
just wait a moment, we're giving it our all.
she still feels grateful for what he did.
she was cheated out of her rightful grade.
she's still lively and has a lot of attractive qualities.
we also still can't get in touch with sujin.
we managed to persuade the customers after giving them enough information.
we still don't know what's happening in the philippines.
my head is still confused and my mind is somewhere else at the moment.
we didn't take on this job simply for the money.
go is an activity that is constructed out of abstract elements.
we're slowly but surely getting addicted to those things.
we studied hard and eventually graduated.
we're demanding that samsung promptly pays us what we're due.
we order food for three people, but this is just too little.
we checked the prices of your menu outside very clearly.
my brother is a person i can rely on, especially since he always helps me without complaints.
we definitely put back that perfume on the dressing table.
we went on looking through the church whilst quietly taking photos.
we couldn't keep quiet any longer so we are posting this here.
since we have to live diligent lives.
we're still waiting for your booth application.
this issue is inevitably a sensitive one for us.
i think it’s a good thing to study english diligently.
i stumbled upon his girlfriend by chance at school today.
my friend came to hang out and ended up ruining all my hard efforts towards making my house clean.
even so, if we keep on trying don't you think we'll beat india someday?
i hope you work hard as well as have some wonderful experiences this year.
since the others are all studying hard, i'd better try my hardest too unless i want to fall behind.
i think since you've been studying so hard, it’s a present for you to play with.
i hope you study hard and keep an eye out on your health.
i've prepared this for you, you continual eater.
i'm trying to fulfill the role of being a good, studious daughter.
even now, patients are treated like garbage.
the current price is low as it is, i can't lower it further.
people often say we need to differentiate between what we like and what we are good at.
third, i really don't like going to valleys that much anyway.
on the other hand, hard workers create their own luck.
its viewership has continued to increase, and now it’s the best food broadcast out there.
i wish i could get better at english by studying hard.
i'll work hard and show my effort at this job.
i want to learn english so we can share interesting conversations with each other.
i want to learn how to perform with instruments so as to become a musical therapist.
i'm going to study hard, get my allowance and buy it.
i think that hard work toward learning english is a good thing.
i'm investing a lot of effort into achieving my goals.
those who regard honor as important always keep their own promises.
in order to jovially introduce gwangju, i joined the event.
if you want to join us please do, i've cooked enough meat to go around.
your loyalty towards your friends will make you strong.
my school grades are lackluster because i never study hard enough.
however, i recommend walking as if you're taking a leisurely stroll instead.
even though it's difficult, i think i'd still like to try working on it on my own.
there's still a price differential between the current one and what headquarters requested.
watches are still very much in fashion among men.
luckily, i woke up early and finished my homework in the morning before going to school.
i still think it’s a little too focused on the textbook.
it's still not fully operational.
thankfully, the mothers continued to stay with their children.
i believe that you'll have good results if you put in the effort.
i never thought i'd bump into you here.
there's a silent, hardworking hotelier behind you.
so, i'm going to cook for my try-hard brother.
i hope you attend the meeting after getting your affairs in order.
race-based crimes are still abundant.
so, unfortunately, i cannot accept your proposition.
the dance practices are now just delightful memories in my mind.
thanks to my continued memorization of words, i could fill every single blank.
sometimes, they even re-use the  same scene.
i've come here to finalize where i'm going to live.
out of all these things, i think the sound system is the best.
amongst it all, i wanted to be charlie in charlie and the chocolate factory.
because of this, i too must study hard.
the next time we run into each other, let's try and not awkwardly say hi to each other.
i believe we can do much better next time.
he's still impatient and doesn't pay enough attention during work which leads to plenty of mistakes.
you're going to have to eat blue grapes forever.
you'll find someone just right for you.
you're a woman who energizes me enough.
you'll be a person who will have great taste in people.
you totally deserve to enjoy the moment.
you're still god's important gift to me.
relations come to us in surprising ways, and love comes to us cautiously.
you definitely said you would send me all the documents i asked for last week.
we're going on a family trip that day, specially for me.
those are personal, not general preferences they have.
this isn't just a mere change in the daily schedule.
all this is is a simple software update.
i get how you're feeling, so please give me the chance to take the test.
they're practicing and going up to perform on stage in great conditions, you know.
the place was really beautiful, so we took a lot of pictures there.
the rates there are definitely cheaper and it'll take about an hour longer.
today, we're going to practice how to tell the difference between voiceless consonants and vowels.
i ended up eating more than i exercised and failed at my diet.
success is finding and holding onto the chances that coincidentally fall in your lap.
this gives you not only a base interest but also enlightenment and a touching feeling.
do you need to be at the airport at 6pm?
this is certainly not beneficial for either my body or my mind.
this isn't a problem that's just going to solve itself on its own.
i'm glad i'm slowly but surely adjusting to this school.
i will pray to god for your safe arrival.
let us converse in korean so as to strengthen our friendship.
he's a kid whose both polite to his friends and one who takes care of his possessions.
i deliberately set our meeting time so that we'd have plenty of time not to be late.
i'm studing by myself since no-one understands the theory properly.
if you can master grammar now, it'll be useful later.
i need data like this in order to explain this properly.
thanks to your thorough explanation, i should be able to find it soon.
i feel grateful their gave their all on the game.
the news that you were downright leaving was incredibly shocking to me.
thank god that you made it back home safely.
while juyoung was looking for shoes, yeji came into the shoestore.
i hope you study korean and get used to living in korea.
i prayed all day for you to come back safely.
do i really have to see the couples sitting across each other feeding each other with spoons?
there are many people studying hard to achieve their future dreams.
i had to put a buster collar on him because his eczema problem hasn't gone away, and he looks really grumpy because of that.
god will bless you as much as you work.
i'm proud of you for studying korean.
the more they lively participate in societal activities, the nation grows.
i can't understand what you're saying even though you're saying it slowly.
we need to provide enough desks and chairs for our employees.
it's good seing them stuying and working hard.
overall, the printing condition of the left side of the page isn't very clear.
i stumbled upon fencing four years ago by chance and have become smitten with it ever since.
i requested for our shipment to go through as fast as possible.
studnets who put in the time and effort were the ones who received good grades.
i shall hug your white shadow and shatter upon your gem of a ship.
a man is going up the stairs of the white building over there.
the news showed us screens of data concerning white rat test subjects.
my dream future job is one related to interior design.
indeed, i hold your sacrifices taken to help you family in high regard.
i hope you live your life without losing your hopes and dreams.
i believe i can achieve everything i'm hoping for.
essayist gyeong-hee cho comes from the onsuri, ganghwado area.
i think you guys can only create normal websites.
now, we've summarized what we think were the reasons for success as follows.
we'll also send you a sample of our companies new product.
we've received a customer inquiry regarding the tickets, dates, routes of the airline.
now, we'll move on to kickstart our announcement.
could i redeem my ticket if i send in my incorrect one?
we'll have to miss the class due to the mt being on the same day, professor.
i hope we can be good friends and get by for the next year.
even if the sound of thunder is faint and the rain doesn't come, i'll be here.
we'll be sure to invite you around for dinner sometime.
is it okay for my daughter sleeping over at your house?
we hope you will continue to use our service moving forward.
we hope you will continue with our business parternship with our company.
while doing so, he handed in some certificates.
because of that, we can buy airplane tickets cheaper.
we'll now move onto our origami class.
now, our group will introduce you to the various culinary dishes from different countries.
let us know ahead of time your marketing and sponsored product plans.
i send my deepest condolences for the sacrifices you gave in our stead.
next time, if you need our help, we'll make sure to do so.
we'll be adding 2,543usd to the price of our products later.
thanks very much for using our product this year.
i don't want to scold you two anymore.
because of this, our company took a lot of losses.
not too long ago, i sent you an inquiry and i've got your reply.
i think we and the 4th graders are going to a job camp next week.
my dad is a great person who always takes care of his family.
please explain to us why your products are unstable at the moment.
i don't exactly know what your prodcuts are.
it's because our family likes ribs.
this event sends the hope endowed messages of the importance of life 
they play important roles in fostering interest.
put in more activities that might attract them.
i found out about this place after looking for job areas which i had an interest in and thought would suit me.
i became interested in it, so i decided to make it myself.
i'm sure there is a reason why this movie is such a big hit.
i used to live in si-heung, but i live in incheon now.
we need policies to develop public education.
you can only smoke in this designated smoking area.
according to this, the smoking area has been changed to the first floor area.
if you want to smoke, i recommend you do it in public areas.
then why do smokers always smoke in the street?
smokers still don't take into consideration the needs of non-smokers.
it helps absorb sweat and relaxes your body.
avoid coming into contact with people who have fevers or show respiratory symptoms.
smokers are 11 times more likely to get lung cancer than non-smokers.
i had sweated so much, i took a shower the moment i got back home.
i relieve my stress by exercising till i sweat.
if you're sweating a lot, going under a tree's shadow provides some cool shelter.
affection and resentment often referred to as the typical korean emotions.
during the course of our lives, we often make these two kinds of mistakes.
my angel, it pains me to see you wavering.
when grandma was 99 years old, our whole family went on vacation together.
night culture is common in spain, as are dance clubs found in small cities.
just imagine an african-america couple walking down the street.
this is a pork restaurant which sells black sow meat that can be dipped alongside salted guts of hairtail.
this character has appeared in black and white cartoons and been made into a doll.
i saw van gogh's work at metropolitan.
how much is your salary working at the kazakhstan hospital?
i went to phuket caorak on my last summer vacation.
i want to travel to eastern europe with my family this summer break.
i visited busans's zagalchi-fish market last summer.
i spent the lunar new year holidays with my family at pyongchang pheonix park.
students become easily distracted due to their cell phones.
you can have a day off every two weeks.
i mostly sell things like cell phone accessories, bath products and stationary items.
here's the picture of my grandmotehr i always keep in my wallet.
i spent my last vacation at busan university hospital's icu.
this summer, our family visited geoje island.
this summer, our family went to paris.
for example, you can contact them via phone but you can't meet them head to head.
can i send a message to you with my phone?
i'll send the scan files you asked for since its your off day.
i'm getting nervous that this end-of-year vacation is going to be ruined.
i enjoy winter vacations more than summer ones.
i hope you use this vacation to rest and recharge.
please check this as fast as possible since there's no space before the lunar holidays.
i applied for a day's leave on july 1st, so please give me your approval.
i'm on tenterhooks that my end-of-year vacation is in jeopardy.
i'm on vacation, but there's just too much work to do.
also, if you own a phone there's an increased chance of losing it.
to think he's using a cellphone during class, how rude.
my younger brothers will come to my older sister's house a bit after they go on vacation.
if you need another cellphone, please let me know.
we have to work in order to survive.
he's taking some time off school, focusing more on his singing career.
i'd like to start taking classes from the end of march, since my husband's leave is during that time too.
the internet and cellphones take on a supporting role in letting us communicate.
i think we can communicate via my phone.
the song i listened to during my vacation period in military service is the one that i remember the most.
this picture seems to be of a dock during the vacation period.
for this reason, this holiday has become the most memorable one.
i've come to see my family during christmas vacation.
when is the exact date for the christmast vacation period?
meanwhile, the entire conference choose to cancel our summer vacation.
please cooperate with our security guard's personal belongings check.
the concept of management is to practice the values of rest and meeting as partners.
taking breaks from time to time also increases overall efficiency in the workplace.
we need your leadership and the cooperation of each team to overcome this depression.
this place looks deserted, but there are some good places if you know where to look.
there's no point in trying to make the problem look easier.
we are selling beijing-style duck, hot pots, assorted seafood and vegetables with mustard sauce, black soybean noodles and sweet and sour pork.
i have to arrange the training contents and programs til today.
i kept thinking of you during my training.
i partook in volunteer services at the suwon veterans nursing home every sunday.
one day, our perennial pooper lee jae hoon did his business in his pants.
the second lesson is to never let failure discourage you.
the wisdom and teachings we find in books help out in our lives from time to time.
we effectively applied the information from our training to our information system operations.
the lesson of this book is that we need wisdom in order to live alongside others.
how much do you think our living expenses will come to after we get married?
after i graduate, i'm going after my doctorate in germany.
after we send the sample i'll send you an email.
i'll be off soon, and i'll arrive at manila around 3:30pm.
i'll decide whether or not to update this after our meeting.
i'd like engineers to come over and teach us for around two weeks after they install this.
i'd like to be a social welfare officer after graduation.
i'm thinking of going to the nursing home where my grandma is at a little later.
i went to the rental store and got the equipment and some clothes after the meal.
so how do you spend your time after dinner and your walk?
i'd like to go to either the counseling field or the early education field after graduation.
i've never made my wife breakfast once after our marriage.
first of all after getting permission we want to study the demonstration of excellence in our selective regulatory policies.
after he left, my apartment became very clean.
i suddenely turned on the music and began dancing in front of the adults.
i worked as a writer and a tutor for students after graduating.
after graduation i'm entering the rotc program as an officer.
i'd like to be a counselor or kindergarten teacher after graduation.
after transmitting (or forwarding) the slip, submit the evidences for hotel bills etc.
after my korean literature class, i came back home to find that my mom had made be ttokbokki.
the poem recital event on the 7th of july was held inside a train.
after we import the samples, we expect the first order to clock in around 350 boxes.
please send the product as soon as possible after confirming payment.
why don't you meet my little brother after the game?
after class, lets talk about the training schedule.
after surgery, i had a regular checkup that day, so i went to the eye clinic.
we enjoyed eating the pizza our teacher bought us after we took the picture.
after this field trip is there anything new you've learnt about skyscrapers?
after the meeting, he's taking the product's development as incomplete.
after my practical examination, i'm going on vacation to yeosu with friends.
i lost around two kilograms after i got sick.
after this trip, i realized i should study english harder.
after getting discharged from the military, i'd like to take some time off to ponder my future.
after skincare, pump out just enough and spread it evenly over your face.
after selecting a country, you can sign in as a member of the country you choosed.
after the development has been completed, its mostly been used on carriables in the company.
it's only if you take more than three months as an intern after your language study gig.
after dinner, we held a family meeting to discuss this vacation.
after considering the price, we'd like to visit your company within two weeks.
after lunch, i drove for four hours and arrived at the grassy fields.
clean your desk before you leave work.
i've got to go to the mall after class to buy a gift.
after applying your basic makeup, dole a moderate amount of this and spread it thinly across your face.
after you base makeup, dole a moderate amount and spread it evenly over your face.
apply this liberally across your face after you dry your face off after washing.
after entering a number, the amount of lottery winners that will receive a prize will come out.
after lunch, we went to shinsaegye department store.
how long does it take to go to our accommodations after we go yachting?
i'm going to go where grandma is after a bit.
six hours from now, we're going to attack seven capital cities.
his life was solitary and miserable after he cut off his ear.
i met a friend yesterday after work and had a good night out together before going home.
i promised to play pool after dance class.
i enjoy computer games for an hour after coming back home.
i predict i'll need english skills if i ever want to be re-hired.
i think we'd like these wooden products since we can use them even after getting married.
after that day, i took care of my cousin for 3 days.
can i enter your school as a freshman after i graduate from mine?
i need to prepare for the next chapter of my life after i retire.
i'm going to help the clients to dinner after the meeting
i'm planning to live in laos after i retire
i lost 2 kilograms after being sick.
from dawn to dusk we can see around 10 million stars.
i've got to go and get the qualities and skills necessary to become a elementary school teacher after graduation.
i haven't met my first love since i got married.
i got a job relatively quickly after graduation.
it feels coming back to london after a long while, since i was seven in fact.
i'm going to take a 1pm plane back to korea.
please make sure to cover this with your replacement.
please observe his behavior after he takes his medicine.
please tell us what we can do after you analyze the log.
please restore my account's status after you considering the plan.
please return the equipment to this address after the maintainance is complete.
i think they'll enjoy a party after the volunteering work is over.
it'd be nice to come home to the news i've passed the reading test.
pack only the essentials you need to go straight to the hospital after emergency treatment.
use this after your cleansing routine while your face is still moist.
you can choose which country this will be delivered to after purchase.
also reuse this after usage to recognize objects.
i'd like to know if breakfast is still included after the changes to my reservation.
i'll decide whether or not to update this after the meeting.
i don't know about the equipment that we asked for after the first request.
having a coffee after a meal leaves a refreshing feeling in your mouth.
i can cook fried eggs, spicy chicken stew and kimchi fried rice.
the subtitle for these pics are 1 second thrills.
i've almost never cooked anything so far since i got married.
one my regrets is not enjoying the moment enough back then.
after using the nursing pads, wrap them up before disposing of them.
after washing your face, we soak the cotton pads with one doseage of the product.
it takes around 30 minutes from the yacht docks to the resort.
after laundry, spray this over the laundry and let it dry.
is there anywhere i can take my kids for a field trip after the game?
when you're done using it, turn the bottom of the container to the close position.
he fully recovered from his treatments on 2013, november 10th.
my goal is to work in a bank after graduation.
we'll include new products in your new order after we check the samples.
we're ready since we ask in advance and then place orders.
he told me he's planning to come up to seoul in a few days.
we might proceed with inspections after checking the results.
is it possible to have english classes twice a month after school?
he thinks the development of the product hasn't finished after the meeting.
we said we'd start officially going out after exams.
it's better to do it and regret the consequences than not doing it at all.
seperated registration is possible if you register as either qualified/disqualified after the examination.
15.processing and the import test last month the previous month after closing stock, no go
we will answer to your inquiry as soon as possible after nda agreement finalized.
if our users pay after ordering, we give some pre-made song files.
i have a gift when it comes to writing things like book reports and poems.
after tha game, i fell in love with basketball.
i'm on the road from 
i'm on my way to songdo international children's library from the  coast guard rear gate.
we went on to watch a movie after eating kimbab.
and then your video went on to haunt me.
after that, i cam back to the hostel to have a barbecue party.
from then on, i'd pack two color boxes into a single box.
after its repaired can you send it to me via ems's fast delivery?
we got bored after sightseeing, so we decided to go to a karaoke.
it didn't take him long to regret his decision and go back to carpenter ally.
what do you say for going out for a drive me to the beach this afternoon?
we're schedule to have a meeting with our clients at 2pm.
we get to learn how to use computers after class.
i recommend 'treasure island', a place near the back-entrance of inha university.
after arriving in manila, i found out the prices for fridges and freezers are the same.
i have to go home and do my school assignments after school.
after getting my hair done, i went to meet my friend at a café.
i am grateful for everything in my life after watching that movie.
sometimes, your number can disappear from your account if you wait more than an hour after inputting your number.
my aunts were at home when i got back from watching a movie.
i'd like to learn more about 20th century western art.
if you're ok with the product arriving after christmas, we'll start the shipment right now.
i hope you still have a great time after two hours.
i will love only this person for three years after now.
we start getting additional costs to cover after an hour.
isn't it difficult to score after two outs?
can i keep my luggage at the underground coin baggage lot after checking out?
the heavy industry's follow-up pipe work is not on schedule.
korea's yahoo service ended in 2012.
i had a great time giving advice to passionate juniors.
after i go to the beach, they tell me to go to spurs paradise for shopping.
i made a informative poster of our country after class.
by the time i bought popcorn and went into the theater, the movie had already started.
after lunch, we spent some time presenting what we had in mind.
after the show, we had lunch at a steamed chicken place in the inner part of the traditional market.
after delivering the package we'll send you a message.
after lunch, i had some ice cream with my mother and went on a stroll.
after removing this we need to apply some concrete polishing.
if there are no problems, you can proceed with our german partners.
gongrihui and ryugweryang are both famous chinese players.
tell me if there's anything to correct after you review it.
a cleaner will clean this house after i move.
after the interest rates fell, banks began competition regarding low interest rates.
i think you'll need a safe retirement saving plan.
it sprang into being after people came together during the korean war.
i'm also curious if you can send products by ship if we buy in bulk.
weather in most parts of egypt are categorized as dry weather.
after applying, keep the face pack on for around 10,15 minutes.
this is an introduction to an excused absence related to mers disease.
you are allowed to see the process after the meeting is over.
how will you use our company's donation funds if we allocate such donations to you?
i keep continued contact with the team to make sure the work is getting done efficiently.
abalone sauce that containing home-made enzyme and crabs marinated in soy sauce are the main menus.
its generally good to wear underwear to maximze the thermal effects.
the medicine isn't having any effect these days, and i feel like i'm reverting back to my sick self.
after the bread undergoes its first fermented process, divide and shape the dough.
it's good to practice jump rope where the ground has a shock absorbing effect.
it's my time to to take care of my parents, but i can't.
i cannot take any responsibility on the potential effects.
so jisub injured himself whilst preventing kong hyojin from danger.
this is a seperable cutting board design for efficient ingredient chopping.
we can solve the problem of overpriced, low efficiency politics.
this cream has components of fermented bamboo sap, which allows your skin to stay moisturized.
the best thing about this is it's waterproof, which lets it avoid smudging for a long time.
we can remove bad smells with this strong deodorization effects and 99.9 percent of existing bacteria to boot.
you'll see the hwapyeongdong cold noodle sign right after you cross the street.
we must also keep in mind that these plans are suscept to change anytime.
after the yearly production plans are set, send them to the expanded responsible departments and manage them.
there is only one weekly production plan for each week.
the role of the management team for the yearly production planning will be conducted by the production management team.
i want to be able to stick to my summer plans and have a good time.
lets keep pushing to continue to get retail space via major feature stores.
our vacation which we planned for last year wasn't as easy as we expected it to be.
i'll try harder to achieve more goals next year.
i wasn't planning on joining on the waterworks, but on my friends pushed me in.
strong plans and their proper execution strengthen both the men and the company.
i hope to negotiate with vietnam after our plan is fully set.
i don't have a specific plan yet so i can't tell you the check in time.
i haven't made plans yet, but i'd love to see the night sea!
i can't tell you the exact time because the plans haven't been finalized yet.
i clocked in 14 hours at work yesterday.
i put in 12 hours at work yesterday.
i'd like to know how you managed to find and contact our company.
society nowadays consists of structures where its hard to fulfill one's dreams.
our company are currently making new products.
abc are currently screening our product.
i'll try to expect good news if we get another opportunity in the future.
i wish these kids would become more fluent speakers.
i wish to work for the management branch of this company.
i'd love to be able to use a luxury brand in my company.
i’d like to improve myself through this opportunity.
i want to help solve the environmental pollution issue at your company.
i want your company to open a retail store that sells our products.
i want to work until both myself and the company are satisfied.
i wish for a fruitful business relatinship between your company and mine.
i want to push my company towards growing into a character content company.
did you receive the rma proceeded product from abc?
i've lost all the passion i had for my job and my company.
you can find the way here if you input the company's phone number on the navigation system.
call the company first and see if it can be changed.
since your company's name has changed, will the label change too?
i usually don't ride a skate board to work.
i've talked with many people from various companies in this industry.
i think the customers who read this will understand.
i think it's going to be difficult to secure a contract with a chinese company now.
let me know if you know a phone number of a delivery company in korea.
in order for me to place an order to your company, nuts needs to make the cut.
just think of it as her devotion toward the company.
the individual cheering styles of each division during the school games really stands out in my memory.
it's up to you whether you live a happy life here in korean society.
also, his company assists with their employee's kid's education.
first off, thanks ever so much for visiting our company.
we'd first like to know why you've applied for our company.
thanks so much for taking such an avid interest in our company.
the raffle that took place after the p.e. festival was also a lot of fun.
first of all, our company never directly purchased that product.
korean capital companies say they can't give much of their time.
we're currently focusing on developing a mobile app requested by a different company.
tomorrow our office is closed, so we'll contact you on the next day.
i was a business parter with your company for the past ten years.
we're currently undergoing a virus problem at work, so i can't access your servers.
i'm going to prepare for my trip after work tomorrow.
first off, our company never bought those products directly.
i occasionally order pizza for my colleagues.
i bumped into my daugher after work downtown.
i'm taking cooking classes these days after work.
i'm doing business in the store management in our company.
my english conversation problem is hindering my reading.
i looked around first to see what kinds of companies were here.
i know he was fired by his previous company for stealing money.
i've just finished my meeting, i'm off to daegu soon.
i've been the cute, loveable new member of our team for two years.
i have been chosen to visit your company.
i hope you do your work through the employees of your company.
i have to do the best i can to get onto this contest.
i haven't receive the email your company sent regarding the inquired information.
i heard that your company would cover the abovementioned costs.
i hope my photo helps in your recovery.
i took that chance, and found myself in new york.
i'd like to showcase your products your company is involved in at your company.
i'm going to school whilst working at a company.
they've mentioned postponing this phone conference to next time.
if you hold the axis and rotate it, the desk will go up.
please message me if you missed any recordings of todays meeting.
our company underwent our first examination of the faulty sample we received.
the american oil union has divided steel into three categories.
tell me, whats your plan and the purpose for visiting our company?
i requested a headquarters engineer to also attend tomorrows meeting.
please tell them to get the person who called us yesterday on the line.
doesn't your company require an agent, by any chance?
i've already updated yesterday meeting's points.
doesn't your company need korean agent?
todays my first day going with the company as a team for volunteer work.
i'd like to share with you my experiences in cooking competitions.
i went out drinking with my colleagues so i couldn't call you.
i was just so busy i couldn't find the time to call you.
i called to know when you'd arrive at our company.
i can't go, work ends late today.
recently, abc has had its fair share of programming problems.
i picked my friend suyoon for student president.
i can get free cosmetic surgery through my insurance company.
i attened a information security conference at a company yesterday.
i work at customer service at lotte corp.
i'm going to have some food with my co-worker.
i'm doing the homework you gave me yesterday in the office.
i'm planning to register your firm's goods alongisde medical insurance.
thanks a lot for also considering our members.
thanks for working with the company this past month.
thanks for letting me split the payment into 34 bits.
is there any way your company can help me?
my insurance company employee would like to talk with your secretary.
we first got two opinions whilst convening with our memebers.
first off, our company is located in seocho, seoul.
do you know the phone number of any domestic delivery companies?
my days are cut short due to english studies, work, exercise and part time jobs.
we did a brief inspection of the current position of the company.
it's because it's limited to what our company has approved of.
we have to check the history of our affiliated members point reward system.
after i asked the shipping company, they told me the cargo had started shipment yesterday.
if you ever visit our company, we'll make sure to support you.
we take care of the company's overseas contract consulting.
lets discuss the finer details after you review our company's product.
it's because the symbol of modern society first came about during the colonial age.
if i work at your company, i get to see you every day.
due to internal affairs, he left apple and went on to create next.
we korean attendees have prepared four songs.
he resigned from our company and went on to another one.
i think my current job is the best workplace i've ever been to.
it was worse since i couldn't speak english all that well.
it hasn't been that long since he's joined our company.
my meal at the company mostly consists of rice and a few side dishes.
if i report to my card corporation, i can receive a full refund.
my job here at seoul makes it difficult to set aside some time.
because you guys never messanged him, he's pretty angry with me.
he said holding a meeting then would be too late.
is it true on of my competitors visited your company?
we had a long meeting about tomorrow's meeting preparation.
busy modern society has made it so we don't have a lot of time to communicate with our families.
it's my lack of english communication ability that brought about this misunderstanding.
you can enjoy fermented skate and steamed pork slices served with kimchi, sliced raw skate, braised skate, skate soup, seasoned skate, all the works.
i don't think we'll be able to meet the deadline since january 2nd is a holiday.
the item says its still undelivered according to dhl's delivery list.
we can't use mosfet at mcp because it changes the circuit.
we ran a little late due to asking about that company.
dad sliced up a mean sashimi dish, and we ate it up happily.
we'll call the shipping company and pay them the taxes.
is it correct to call this account the ceo's account?
this company also gives us incentives if we donate to them.
also recommend some wine that best suits this occasion.
if given the opportunity, i'd also like to invent something.
but the idea from that company gave birth to the best company.
the one guy is taking over the meeting proceedings, making it smooth sailing.
i'll send this info to you via mail after i get to the office.
the internet has become an irreplaceable tool in all facets of society.
sign into the internet and then record your card number.
after a year had passed, the company's new recruits were dancing.
the second program is one that bolsters the vulnerable people in society via innovation.
we were late because we spent too much time debating the price.
we're going to announce the board of trustees 1 week before.
we're planning to send you a few things we used at the exhibition.
we've asked the shipping company to see if this problem is real.
we discussed a solution at our meeting.
canada's society is multicultural.
then what are the factors that threaten the peace?
then what should i do before going into the opening ceremony.
i probably can't since i got a c in english conversation class.
when you get the chance, could you invite seong hyun to your house?
for example, you can use water bottles instead of disposable paper cups.
are you saying i should differntiate between the ball room and the conference room?
i'd like to continue participating in volunteer work if possible.
if its possible, i'd like to continue on trying.
the base for a just society are equal education and healthcare.
in the belief that we'll have more chances in the future, please step back this once.
pump this stuff accordingly, around 23 times on your hand.
buildings like gwaghwamoon, kyunghoeroo, keunjeongjeon all look terrific.
the opportunity cost can be many things you know.
i've even entered some badminton contests and even got a trophy.
it's got a black background, shaped like a diamond colored with gray and a red wine hue.
this bus is one that our company gives us.
first off, my friend at work graduate from a blue-collar skill highschool.
i’d like to try hard if given the chance.
we have a meeting at the ministry of defense, so i'm planning a trip to seoul.
i'm a 24 year old student who currently is a student council leader and a person who loves trying new and different things.
i heard that they host a lot of musical performances as well as proposal events.
in the direct circuit, led number 1 isn't lighting up.
so the two companies set their stock holders respectively
there are things like the world championship, the world cup and the continental cup.
legitimacy stands as both a social object and for social responsibility.
i once won a gold medal at a municipal swimming event.
it's now going to be an official category at the hiroshima games.
since i was also interested in my major's coverage of accounting, i studied it extensively.
i have something to ask you about the exhibition list.
when do you need to know exactly if or if not i'll be attending this seminar?
parliamentary elections are held every four years in korea.
it seems not all the gyms are at incheon even with the games being held there.
if you turn left there, there's a vegetable store to your right.
these are the main companies that have a lot of subsidiary companies under their wing.
next time when you get the chance, come over to korea.
we'll be sending samples imilar to the equipment we're going to use at this weeks exhibition.
if it’s the same company as the one above, send it.
they garnered a lot of attention from buyers at the convetion.
it's an honor to be invited to your concert.
i went shopping and ate pasta with my co-worker on monday.
we have a meeting with an important client on the 18th.
we'll discuss it internally first and give you an answer by tomorrow.
company workers normally drink the most coffee.
the korean film council spent 3.9 billion krw for these 78 minutes.
i decided to enter the pièce de résistance of the p.e. festival, cheerleading.
this key is a one-off, so you cant use the old one.
skitter bravely pointed out the unfair aspects of society.
its because computers are useful in social life.
the actions of the high school girl suing the fast food restaurant isn't right.
the protagonist salaryman ended up jobless after single mistake at a night out with the company.
how much do accounts in the philippines get paid monthly?
there are a lot of increasing requirements for this fast moving society.
it's because it takes forever for disposable items to rot.
it's because there's a big desire to be socially successful.
it's because we don't live in isolation in society.
the places economics can help are become ever more diverse.
i understand why we need education of the machines before the important exhibition.
after washing your face, pump it out 12 times to make the size of a 50 won coin.
it feels as if i've already passed the entrance exam for transferring students.
you can taste braised dried pollack and grilled dried pollack.
please look and understand why my situation led me to this.
the old roman emperors traditionally worshiped the god of sun in mithraism.
i couldn't move for a few minutes because this situation was just that unbelievable.
it means whether its affordable or not right now.
he lied to her, saying that the current situation was just an enjoyable game.
i don’t want this situation to ever happen to anyone ever again.
thanks for taking into all the situations into account.
a few things have made it so we haven't started yet.
therfore, i can change my thoughts and actions depending on the situation.
all these situations are making me feel depressed.
this film is about a man living on a barren earth.
we need prompt actions in the case of a financial crisis.
extreme situations in our lives can totally change them.
i'm flustered, ridiculed and stunned, so you'd better answer right now.
follow the announcement calmly and with composure.
because it's where we go when times get bad.
i'd like for the kids to learn what i've learnt through volunteer work.
i went to indonesia for 2 weeks because of missionary work.
i'd best spend the rest of my school time before my job starts studying and preparing.
i think that trust is the most important factor in marriage.
i learnt many lessons and garned a lot of experiences through this trip.
thanks to my long time studying abroad, i feel i have the ability to power through any problem.
i'm half and half when it comes to being satisfied with my school life.
i'm grateful for your contributions to the account settling verification process.
i might sleep through the timezone where you are active.
i learnt responsibility and leadership through group activities.
i once tried a diet during military service.
i had good grades while also participating in a lot of activities.
one day, a drill instructor came in with a letter.
please register today's volunteer work as three hours.
while you were at a volunteer activity, i met many new friends.
this is the advantage of internalizing the international business activity.
what i got most out of my college life is responsibility.
i feel really sorry that i don't have the ability to open an account.
this is because it helps foster a sense of community.
is this the life you want until you die?
during his time in jail, he married his chief newspaper editor who was also his fan.
my favorite indoor activity is group reading.
our student council union will try our hardest for even those type of students.
i was a member of a campus advertising club called k + during university days.
the possibility of getting a inactive personality increases.
i started learning english so as to be able to talk with you.
the biggest lesson in the ressurection of jesus is the keeping of a promise.
i downloaded this app so i could better communicate with the teacher.
this app records and tells you the amount of time your pet has spent moving and resting.
fossil fuels, which have been a huge part of people's lives are now developing into a problem.
this way, we can use drones in usefuly ways in our everyday lives.
i hope you make big achievements in your life and work in the future.
please send a lot of encouragement so our future lives will be good.
we promise full activity access after your account is restored.
it brings energy and fun into our lives.
so, this activity was such a meaningful experience to me.
what is that weirdo phoning and threatening you for?
got some tips that we should know for living in korea?
i fell in love with korea whilst living there.
what are the difficulties or things you felt while living in korea?
i'm pleased to be getting more accustomed to life in australia.
it had already been 3 years since i started living in korea.
on the other hand, it can invade privacy.
glasses rose to popularity after the metal skeletons were invented and mass produced.
this is research about the effect that types of leisure activities have on the quality of old people's lives.
people related to celebs also get hurt when their privacy is invaded.
we're giving efficient service through active life views.
i'm a person who is positive, who is active and does their hardest on any given job.
you need to know how to use this knowledge to truly get the minds nourishment.
my school life starts when i wake up early in the morning.
i think sincerity is the most important virtue we need during high school.
it was a trip i took so as to finish my high school days.
how will these virtual activites affect society?
i want to speak with those people who come from the same background as me.
you need to remind me when i can get a refund.
after getting treated, patients can then appeal their lack of appetite.
someone else should re-purchase it after first getting it refunded.
i think a good environment is one where the teacher loves their students.
if you mishandle a patient with a compound fracture, its bad.
only items that have not been used can be refunded or exchanged.
with this, we can now expect patients to consume the allotted amount of meds.
there are five steps terminal patients experience.
this isn't that meaningful when it comes to stopping environment pollution.
eventually he composed beautiful songs like "ode to joy".
it's a brown tone café where you can taste good-smelling hand-drip coffee.
it's just that he lost his phone so i can't get in touch with him.
i mainly exchange messages and take pictures using my cell phone.
it's a cellphone from the same company with more convenient functions than the previous model.
moisture cream, hand cream, and lip balm are essential items during winter.
i have the goods to send by hand-carry tomorrow.
i was in high school when i first used a cellphone.
i didn't know when you started using your cellphone.
i can use ipad and mobile phones smarter than anyone else.
also, this cellphone's color is mint which i like.
is there a cafe that sells hand-drip coffee around here?
there are still 2,000 private photos on my cell phone.
i took this picture using panorama with my cellphone.
turn the top-to-bottom control handle downwards, then separate the rebound loop cover.
roaming 2 is a way to use your cellphone overseas.
can you grind these coffee beans for the drip coffee maker?
why didn't you show me your phone?
can i set up your new cellphone?
the fourth is payment discounts where you can get 5 dollars off per month.
you were fiddling with your phone on the subway, are you done watching everything?
my friend lost his cell phone and someone took it away.
this is a company that sells cellphone covers.
countries have signed a treaty that bans the use of nuclear weapons.
i will explain the main reactor, which is the core of the manufacturing process.
lunar new year's day is the first day of the year throwing off the old year and welcoming the new year.
i will inform you later about the expected dock control lifting date.
what should i do to win you over?
i wanted to walk with you while holding your hand and watching the sun.
i want to grow 5 cm this year.
i want to try getting a tattoo but i am scared that it might be painful.
i want to correct it to solve the problem.
i want to stay healthy by cleansing my blood.
i won't accept a job where i would have to live in a foreign country for more than a year.
even though i was shy since today was my first time, i enjoyed this experience.
the woman you introduced me didn't seem to think like that.
i've supported the sales department in the ssangyong shipping corporation.
you don’t have to since you are already busy with your work.
being young and vibrant is useless, it's not like i can date someone anyway.
although i'm originally from haenam, i live in the dormitory now.
but people who are currently residing in a foreign country cannot attend this.
i think english is a subject that gets harder and harder the more i study it.
i wish there was a robot that can do my homework for me.
you look amazing to me since i've never traveled abroad by myself.
yes, you can drive your car to the seashore of sugi beach.
i fell asleep without even finishing what i had to do.
yes, there is a west sea caravan auto camping ground inside wangsan beach.
separate insurance application is required for the redemption in cases of damaged goods.
especially, you can camp near the beach and the nari basin as well.
today, i read 'harry potter and the deathly hallows part 1.'
i have passed the first round to qualify as a global volunteer.
i only asked because i thought i was bothering you.
could you go ahead with the delivery first and i'll send the money next week?
i need to work every day because i need to make some money.
i'm looking for these kinds of materials that are needed for the korean navy.
i'm emailing you in english since i'm abroad.
i missed the opportunity to sell the amount equivalent to 10 won.
thirdly, it causes noise pollution which disrupts people around the area.
i can't believe how he could do this to me.
i hope everything you do works out well this year.
i couldn't go since i already had plans.
my dad scolded me for playing it too much but it was really fun.
the king's daily routine begins even before sunrise.
i wish there was something i can do for you but there is nothing i can do.
one has to be diligent and follow what his/her teacher says to receive an a.
there are times when i can't understand even when i am listening to the volleyball game commentators.
it's a convenience store located in the international camping spot in front of naksan beach in yangyang.
i hate it when my friends ask me to go eat seafood together.
what you're worried about will not happen just because i have poor english skills.
always stick to your dream and future no matter the sun rises or sets.
we only just met when he visited hyeopjae beach.
this year, i'd like to learn how to play a different musical instrument.
i don't like summer sports because i hate water.
i cannot understand why this year's salary was frozen.
i can understand english, but i cannot speak it.
i'm not good at expressing my emotions because i'm a blunt person.
i believe feelings can connect things which words can't.
i admire and respect my father who shows his love through devotion.
i'm so upset that i can't convey my feelings because of the language barrier.
will i ever hear what you had promised to tell me 4 years ago?
i am tired after work and have a lot to do.
i am currently a senior student in electric engineering at korea maritime and ocean university.
i am having a positive conversation with the buyers to solve the problems.
is it on the way to song-do coast guard?
he seems to be going around borrowing money for you.
to resolve these, we should strongly encourage childbirth first.
what would i want to experience if i get to travel abroad?
while driving around the coastal road, we saw jeju's shoreline as well.
our team researched ways to prevent hacking.
he believes his teacher has helped him improve.
if i have caused you any inconvenience by any chance, i truly apologize.
my family went to the beach as vacation and enjoyed playing in the water in years.
it was only possible because all korean citizens cooperated towards the common goal of repaying the debt.
you could have just considered the fact that i was tired and wait for me.
i wish you the best of luck and health in the new year of 2014.
i would like to once again thank all of your support you've provided for our company in 2014.
do you know anything about y2k by any chance?
we heard about the new dealer from tom.
even though the weather is cool, you have to store food in the refrigerator.
if you are made by someone else, that is not the real you.
i should wear lightly because the weather is getting warmer.
since the weather was warm, i played in the playground with my friends.
i need a friend because i want to improve my english speaking skills.
people aren't wearing jackets because the weather is warm.
i might sell a lot if i only solve the two things.
do you think our marriage will work out well?
i hope you feel refreshed by the nice weather.
since the waves were very calm, the leaf that i placed on the water didn't move much.
there's always a good reason behind one's unreasonable behavior.
people who look up to you will feel happy when you are healthy.
please understand us for taking a long time since we lack experience.
what kind of ways are there for us to be happy?
because they teach us in a way so that we can easily understand.
is it 750 euros that we have to transfer as the layout cost?
my friend got hospitalized so could we postpone today's appointment to next week?
it will bring you a great fortune if you sell it at that price.
i believe having a solid foundation is the key to improving your skills.
we would like to express our gratitude to your company's trust in your devotion to our company's efforts.
i often wear my trench coat when it gets chilly.
according to our measurements, we didn't have anything above 57 inches.
when exporting new products overseas, each country is responsible for its standards and certification approval.
we offer comfortable and easy service for travelers.
we kindly ask for your positive reply about this case.
we will contact you when this case is up for auction.
it may look fragile but it isn't.
tell min so that i can hear it in korean.
can i add you too if you text me?
it's urgent so i would like to get it as soon as possible.
i think so too, i'm so lucky to meet a nice driver.
is it really necessary to learn a second language like this from an early age?
i don't know what to say but i am really thankful.
from seeing how tired you look, i feel sorry for coming to seoul.
since i don't know how to use it, could you demonstrate it for me?
thanks for your consideration and hope you have a great time with your family.
thanks for your consideration, but i still have a long way to go.
my head is already getting cramped from thinking about how to get things started.
i could see the color of the bacteria through the microscope.
i'm going to marry kwon ji yong after becoming pretty and slim.
i don't know how to express this, but buckwheat water tastes really good.
then i'll support your tuition for next year before it exceeds a year.
compared to that, you have other charms.
i'll discuss it with my husband, gather up ideas and then contact you.
please let him know that i want to talk about his retirement.
do you have anything comforting to say regarding this situation?
do you want me to live in your country after marrying you?
throughout college, i want to improve my english and learn many things.
plus, efforts to resolve them is also one of my strengths.
you suddenly came to mind when i was feeling blue, so i contacted you.
it is necessary to provide more details about writing.
back then, video calls didn't work on cell phones.
i like matcha latte since it makes me feel full with a sip of milk added to it.
i haven't thought about my dream and i don't have anything i want to do.
but you constantly did not pick up your calls.
but there wasn't enough time to say everything i prepared.
i'm worried if you might've been offended or hurt by any chance.
the story was similar to harry potter but the main character's personality was totally different.
i try to understand you but why don't you try to understand me?
i sometimes listen to other minister's preach on the internet.
we can make personal ties with people all over the world via the internet.
the pants cost 40 dollars and the belt costs 25 dollars with the discount.
there are so many things that we have to newly try.
she hardly expresses her feelings.
she rarely gets sick and has good physical strength.
we will cancel it if there is a request from the tour agency.
we received a smaller amount of invoices than we needed to pay.
we should consider the amount of food and nutrition.
we already prepared to get the visa upon arrival.
we are constantly updating useful widgets.
we constantly need to try becoming happy.
we kept talking, trying to find a common interest.
i ate my mom's dishes and took a good rest.
so i want you to notify me of 2 terms of school-fees that i need to pay.
the cake was for my teacher but we ate it all.
it was a birthday that made me think i have to be good to my parents.
it means you have to get a health checkup this year, professor.
buying a house for my parents is worth every penny.
and then match the pieces at the appropriate time.
come to think of it, i'm glad that i got to know you even though it's late.
perhaps it might have fainted and become the tiger's prey.
i used to call the repairman when the problem could not be solved.
we also checked but we are not sure what happened.
it is easier to approach compared to america and europe as the culture is more similar.
it sells hot stone pot bibimbap, green onion pancake, rich soybean paste stew set as well.
i had stir-fried spicy pork for my first meal after becoming healthy in a few weeks.
they said i could meet you through the guide. do you understand?
it was a meaningful time to get a deeper understanding of the brand.
we would like a lot of people to visit us and watch and feel happy together.
my oldest daughter will become a sophomore in high school and she likes books.
i want to thank you for spending time talking a lot about my daughter with me.
sorry for the delayed reply. i was calling my friend.
are you saying you want to collaborate and produce videos with us?
squeeze a moderate amount and apply it on the entire face.
i was happy and my stress was relieved because i went outside after a long time.
what is the best way to relieve stress?
you can catch a cold often if your immune system is weak.
i can understand through my head but can't by heart.
please call this number and ask to send a car here.
add me as your friend so that i can send you pictures.
it is to inform you about the quantity that additionally needs to be ordered.
there weren't any problems regarding the online application when we checked the recordings.
the charge for a room is not fixed so you can pay as much as you want.
i'm trying to find out if you understood it well and worked on it.
i wanted to buy perfume for her, but she refused.
i wanted to go to the festival held in the sea because i love the sea.
how much do i have to guarantee to make you come and teach kids in korea?
i would appreciate if you understand that i sent you a modified version.
how should i take out a soondae to go?
developers can search easily by managing documents.
you'll become a criminal if you keep committing crimes.
let me know the phone number of each staff member including a.
she has to meet her lover to break the curse.
i need to pay the rent, but i don't know the account number.
i'm looking for a place that i can go easily by bus.
i like kimchi so i like dishes made with kimchi.
i like soccer so i've participated in several soccer competitions in high school.
i like coffee so i took lessons to be a barista.
i hope to have more than 3 babies because i like babies a lot.
where is another guide who will lead us?
please tell me how you will organize the class by using movies.
please check the error and suggest a solution.
my dream was to become a singer because i listened to music all the time.
if you check, the cards have different numbers on them.
the address is 142 sagyekjang-gil yanggam-myeon hwaseong-si gyeonggi-do.
they want to play a role that links the two companies together.
my english isn't good, but i know you are a good person.
i checked the po and the order number 123 was brand a.
i could understand the topic by using the table.
i am worried that i won't be able to understand due to my poor english, so please send an email.
i am thankful for this chance where i can learn english intensively.
thanks for remembering and contacting us.
i am worried about my vacation homework because of my poor english.
my english is poor so i don't know what to say to you.
the man who would guide us came with us.
we mistakenly thought that they would tag along in consideration of us.
it takes a lot of time to get issued c/o.
sadly, i cannot deliver my heart because of my poor english.
my english is poor, so if we meet again, i will speak in english.
it will be helpful if you provide us a solution after checking the error.
your signature is enough on behalf of the entire company.
we use language to express our intentions or desires.
through pansori, the governors and the subordinates adjusted their opinions.
i guess we mistakenly looked at it.
please help harry so that he can improve a lot this year.
he probably studied korean by watching a lot of k-dramas.
lastly, i want to spend an exciting night at an ocean-view hotel.
there wasn't any problem with the website's payment system after checking.
but he(she) got used to it and played without being embarrassed.
but i was nervous and couldn't perform as i practiced.
promise me one thing, that you will never lie to me.
come and see a doctor if it keeps bleeding.
why did you think that i was that kind of person?
the cloud with a big hole made by the beanstalk poured heavy rain.
i think i'll have to make inquiries about reservations to know the exact schedule.
a solution to one problem could lead to a solution to another problem.
i am putting in all the effort to solve this problem.
it will be difficult to proceed if this issue isn't taken care of.
we can not send your items until this problem is solved.
if that problem is solved, are you going to take all the listening classes that you missed?
south korea suffers from typhoons at least once a year.
due to a serious whirlwind, the large part of the edge was chopped off.
after having several talks, you will realize that he smiles very often and is an active person.
please take off your shoes and if you need any help, call me.
i have planned to go to the philippines with my friends to see you.
i think receiving short compliments when you do something good for the first time is different from your interests.
you can check the certificate of each category by clicking each category title below.
do you know any good seafood restaurants around here?
through the interview, i was naturally able to describe the history and the technology related to the product.
thanks for the interview, and i hope the thief is arrested as soon as possible.
a study on measures to improve regulations on business secret violations.
this charge is a clearance fee on imported goods.
is it possible for us to be introduced to another distributer through heather?
it's cheaper if you travel through the travel agency.
i don't have much to say since i still don't know much about life.
i think haenyeo is a culture that is distinct to korea.
i will send you the details through the estimate by email.
i purchased it here so i could not purchase it anywhere else.
i didn't receive any emails about the bills.
i am wondering whether i should repair it and continue to use it or not.
is there any transportation to shanghai?
so it's very unlikely for me to fail a task by overdoing it.
so it's a bit hard to heat up the packed foods.
so what i came up with was the shadow of all the objects.
i need to get a tonsil surgery but it's frightening and expensive.
i use products that have a uv protection function for activities.
it's durable, so it looks like a new one every time it comes out from the washing machine.
you go shopping very often although you look cool and pretty without doing so.
i want to make a lot of friends throughout the internship.
please excuse me if it is not something you must apply for.
classic is hard to understand but good to listen to.
it is hard to only have a favorable view of the case that juhwan said.
this fashion expresses a cool-girl vibe that looks as if it didn't put in much effort.
thank you for your prayers and attention.
i would be happy if at least one person can get information through this application.
i can help you if you need any help with korean.
how does information acquired from the media help us?
let me know if you have any questions about korean.
political views from the media could distort public opinion.
the headquarter will organize a professional team and operate the business.
if you forgive me this time, i will kiss you next time.
if you forgive me this time, i will kiss you next time.
i want to see your concert in the future when i become famous.
i will protect you so that i won't cause any harm to you.
getting a job and working in america isn't easy.
i am sending this message because i can't understand my grade.
after arriving at busan, my family went to the beach first.
arriving at the city hall, me and other people headed to the pharmacy.
people have to develop their abilities to fulfill their expectations.
i've been hectic since i entered school in march.
time has flown as i have been working busily upon my arrival in korea.
tell her to unblock me on facebook.
i had to study according to the timetable provided by the school.
i have a book to give you. when can we meet?
you shouldn't depend on the rules given by the school.
there is no way i can meet you without harming you.
i could get a glance at the great pool when i arrived at the hotel.
the schedule has been postponed because there were things that the company needed to deal with.
please send me feedback after checking the attached file below the email.
the place you should go first to the airport is the check-in desk.
i already confirmed it through the bank, but the amount that i've paid hasn't been canceled yet.
please tell her to open her facebook.
i should have sent a reply earlier, but i was on a business trip ever since i got back from korea.
i cannot be nice to you even though i want to.
once i get to the airport, i will check the flight schedule and send a message.
i became depressed after i took a major test at school.
i am too used to being alone so i don't think i can hang out with my friends.
what if my friend doesn't use the present i got for him(her)?
i arrived at the company and drank morning coffee.
thank you for the kindness you showed me since arriving at the airport and hotel.
thank you for inviting me to the conference, but i'll take a rain check.
what other functions should be included when compared to other companies?
we need to request an inspection from an institution approved by the government.
is there any other information in addition to the suppliers introduced here before?
it will be fun to print it out and shoot a stop-motion.
we are going to visit your company and talk about the new order.
we will use the same 32 millimeters next year as this year.
please give us a quick reply to sort out the misunderstanding with them.
we'd better delete that menu there.
i was able to enlarge my perspectives of the world through this trip.
i'm afraid i can't send you a reply because i have to practice dancing.
i wish you all the best for your family in the upcoming new year.
how have the seasons in your country changed compared to the past?
you're always welcome to inquire anytime if a problem related to business transaction occurs.
you should consult with a doctor and do it for a short period.
kyeongbok palace was first built by king taejo in 1934.
call me after you get to the office because you should be driving.
i've seen that there was a lot of damage caused by the typhoon through the news.
everyone is happy at christmas thanks to you.
you might find it hard to breathe and get down with the diver's disease due to water pressure.
i am sending this document since it may cause a misunderstanding.
i knew that there were a lot of philipino casualties due to severe typhoons.
i hope this will be helpful for your business.
it's a phenomenon where you lose concentration and feel woozy caused by this.
i was able to change myself because of you.
thanks to you, i'm not lonely anymore.
we are having a constant 10~15% damage because of you.
we spent a lot because of it.
you will be able to learn korean quickly since you are smart.
i think all the clothes would look good on you because you are slim.
poong-gyeong is located at aewol coast road and it provides an ocean-view from all of its rooms.
hansik is the 105th day from dongji of the previous year.
this explains the product that i want to buy.
they wondered why i changed my major.
the car in front of us keeps driving weirdly today.
because it's bland, it's good for salad and goes well with wine.
in korea, people spend their last day of the year with my family, friends, and coworkers.
wrap this and put the others into a plastic bag.
it would be great to check this and then let me know.
normally, people would try to make an appointment again.
how much do i have to pay if i have to?
i will help asfi®-awbis as the korean representative.
you have to go to the station across the street by using the stairs and take the subway there.
could you edit that and make it into the bust structure that i want?
we think there was a packing mistake from looking at the photo.
i think it's incredible to catch the criminal just by using five senses.
i think friends who comfort sorrow are the most precious ones.
by utilizing fashion, one can cover up the flaws of their body shape.
i should exchange some money, where is the currency exchange booth?
honor is not important since we did the mission and no one suspected us.
i'll send it this evening after adding some content.
i love animals, so i have two puppies.
tell me two reasons why i have to improve this part.
this vacation is my first trip abroad.
this feature utilizes google to translate the entire webpage.
i hope you meet someone who understands you well.
cheering up others became my biggest pleasure in life.
they said we have to disassemble the engine to know it precisely.
please let me know the exact deadline for submitting a thesis.
the scenery is well prepared so you can get great pictures.
it seems like we need a sufficient amount of time just in case.
two reservations were confirmed when i checked the mail.
when shipping a purchased package, you have to pay shipping fees and taxes.
i cannot attend your class because i am going on a trip.
there will be nine different colors including black.
what about changing the time and having an earlier class?
if you can guarantee the quality, i am going to test it right away.
if you cancel the reservation, i'll reserve a single room again.
if you request, we can send you a sample in 5 days.
we are offering a pair of contact lenses when you purchase our product.
can i get a refund on the ticket if i booked one but couldn't attend it?
we did not find any abnormal when we got the sample and checked it.
in preparation for a shut-down, we need to bring posts from other sites.
it's a game where you use the wind to get to the finish line first.
it's also good to be prepared for any situation and study english in advance.
may your year be full of joy and happiness.
my family enjoyed sea bathing after arriving at the nearby osan beach.
i will check if you have anything left to pay.
you have to call me to hear my voice.
although it is cheap, there are still unsold products left in stock.
primarily, it doesn't threaten the host even though a tumor exists.
not all effort is the same.
i said the public security there was good for women to travel alone.
spring is a heart-warming season that brings happiness.
i respect your decision if only it makes you happy.
people are getting arrogant, selfish and ignoring poor people.
my mind becomes comfortable and makes me think again.
i'll check if you have any money you have to pay.
i'll respond and send you the materials if you reply.
you can go on a trip to other countries frequently only if you're healthy.
this place comforts me and makes me look forward to tomorrow.
i felt relieved and peaceful.
these are the sentences that you need to pronounce.
the discount rate couldn't be maintained due to the decrease in quantity.
the information on the swift code that you have input is not correct.
i don't know if i answered correctly to your queries.
i don't want to confront a situation where we can't meet because you got pregnant.
because of the short supply, they said it's difficult to receive it within 2 weeks.
let's meet next time since today's bad timing.
i am always praying for your happiness.
thank you for your concerns, you are such a nice person.
it takes some time to get along with cats.
if there are any problems again after you use it, please tell me.
as you have said, it would be better to clean during spring.
if you let me, i won't make my lip touch yours.
we will do our best to supply good products through e-bay too.
if you love me, i will give up everything.
if you are not satisfied with the product, then return it to us.
it is hard to understand because it is written in korean, but please just check the images first.
it refers to the color that is used to prevent danger or natural disasters.
you can make more personal connections on-line.
would you please send me the partnership details by email?
people who have done wrong things through this incident have to reflect on themselves.
whoever understands that incident is not in love with you.
the animals divided into two groups and have been fighting against each other ever since the incident happened.
i was agonizing about this so that's why i didn't tell you.
i don't know how i should explain this thing.
i couldn't go to the performance practice because of this.
why should the majority be forced to endure the hardships of reverse discrimination?
please tell me what the injurer and the victim each need.
we have to prioritize the damages of the victim and their family.
even if i put in a lot of effort, one mistake could eat me away.
is there anything i should do to liberate the device?
the research for fishery resources development has been increasing internationally.
this contest exhibit makes people think about healthy cultures.
chunhyang festival is a traditional festival with a long history which marks its 87th anniversary this year.
i think i need to work more on this issue.
can't i get into the resort through the inner zone?
i can only say that i'm sorry for not taking good care of you and not being nice to you.
thanks to the beatles, it became the most famous crosswalk in the world.
i'm going to kimhae airport to meet my aunt.
i will try my best to become someone the country my parents need.
we can keep your luggage even if you don't check-in.
there's one part that needs to be modified so i've attached a photo.
it is beautiful scenery you can only see at the western sea where the sunsets.
the first place that i'll introduce is the mabijeong wall painting village.
tell me about the part we should apply to the car.
please disable the pop-up blocker to share on facebook.
i guess you had lots of experience with this book.
from reading this book, i got to read a lot of juvenile delinquent stories.
by using electronic books, we can conserve our environment.
if there is something that i learned from this book, it is the importance of english.
with this prepaid card, you can make international calls.
i am glad that we can communicate through twitter.
we could get a lot of information or solve an unclear assignment via computers.
you can easily do complicated calculations with computers.
i'm looking for ingredients to cook for you.
i want to make friends who study english via flitto.
i am looking for a friend who can study english with me through flitto.
can i use your sample for the test?
experience points earned through the event won't be added to your average.
i sent you a payment request on paypal so please make a payment after checking.
many customers are interested in this face mask.
these are institutions to use when you join insurances to be prepared.
i'm sorry but i can't deliver abroad.
there will be a good result if you try solving it one by one.
i didn't understand it perfectly, but i sort of get how you felt.
i can go buy groceries that i would like to have for my meal.
are there any classes i have to take specifically to apply?
it was a story about someone who was betrayed even though he/she was kind to that person.
i was preparing to go to the library near my house to study.
to be healthier, we should exercise and cut back on fast food.
you must not be afraid to challenge something to succeed.
could you please double-check the specific conditions if possible?
i will try my best to deal with it as smooth as possible.
please talk to my sister so that she won't have any misunderstandings.
what do we call scientists who study blood types?
it is possible to learn about past tenses and refer to the past.
globalization enables the accumulation of global wealth.
the cultural competence of each country became important due to globalization.
due to globalization, the concept of gender equality started to seep into muslims.
through this exhibition, we can learn about every aspect of korean history and culture.
i wish my life could entirely change as a reward for my hard work.
i wish my skills would improve from studying hard.
i want to have a fluent conversation with you after studying hard.
i will study hard to get a job in a chinese company.
i will study hard so that i can do a homestay.
let's translate hard and be the king of translation for henry tweet!
i've just realized that it's been more than a year since i have used chinese.
i hope to speak english well after studying hard.
i will try to be a fluent english speaker by studying hard.
i came across the thought that we can't be a husband and wife.
i'll study hard to be a good english speaker.
i'll show you how much i've improved after six months of hard studying.
i hope that i can get into my dream college by trying my best.
i expected a good score as i've studied hard.
because i studied hard and acquired the fund license.
i think it will be interesting if i study hard and become good.
now the app is updated with several improvements on google play.
i watched a volleyball game with korean air vs rush and cash.
i wish to be a cabin crew member for korean airlines as my my lifelong career.
i will go to cebu by boarding the first-class of korean airlines.
i want to be an international stewardess with korean airlines.
i want to go on the nightscape tour provided by your airline.
you should always report your location before moving.
i tried to buy the sunglass that i always wanted.
i suggest you apologize to the subscribers whom you protested to.
i've read the article that korean airlines will be providing service.
i prepared so much to apply for jeju aviation.
well, i heard that there is an atm for bitcoin at the incheon international airport.
sales highly depend on whether the item has been selected as an annual investment item or not.
i know that korean air became a member of skyteam this year.
i hope that you will always pave your way towards your dream.
i hope you always grow up as a healthy and lovely person.
i hope to work for korean air or air asia.
i feel i am caught in a trap because of my sensitive personality.
everyone could be cured with the antibody that my daughter had.
the huge amount of alcohol seemed to always overflow a dried up one day.
use the extra time to handle the work i ordered.
they always worry about me and shed tears for me.
please write something that is either not on the questionnaire or anything else.
i checked all the items by comparing the floor plans.
i could go to the philippines someday if i get a job at korean air.
i always believe in you and i'll love you forever.
a and b should always update changes for each partition.
it would be nice if you could tell me about your returning flight number.
i am a future aviation manager who wants to be the big dipper of the flight department.
he has a few things to talk about regarding the domestic flight ticket.
are there any accommodations at the incheon international airport?
with no doubt the expensive airline ticket is good. what are your plans for the rest of your trip?
if you have any other questions, please email us anytime.
he can take the airport limousine bus which comes from incheon airport to iksan.
my friends are always with their girlfriends, but i'm alone.
it is proper to include all the subjects for the test.
as you arrive at tampa international airport, i will get there to meet you.
he is always confident and thinks that he is the best.
in case you come up with anything unusual or have any questions, please email us.
we wish you to be healthy and be bright in pursuing your dream.
yes, a lot of young people visit there and it's very popular.
a person who violated the third clause of section 23 would be sentenced to a maximum of 5 years of imprisonment.
i want to inform you of just two points.
i know that garuda airlines will become a member of sky team soon.
if there's an emergency, contact my boss's kakao talk.
is it possible to take the subway from narita airport to the hotel?
which bus should i take to granada airport?
pets always stay with us and act so adorably.
my brother always wants to go to school with me.
i appreciate every time you understand me with kindness.
three hours to wellington, new zealand via auckland airport.
you might get physically hurt when you agitate the robber by resisting rashly.
what is the round trip fare from the kalibo airport to the resort?
why do you hate me when i am thinking about you all the time?
my heart is always pounding because i miss you.
all the information above is confirmed by our construction office.
this is a filler that helps alleviate aging through antioxidant effects of vitamin c
he has been a nice kid to people around him since he was young.
so the street i always pass on the way to school seemed very special.
i always have a lot of things that i want to do in my mind.
i want to book two taxies to go to the airport at 4 pm.
i made a reservation for pick up at the airport at 2 pm. do i wait here?
the tour through the corporate headquarters of asiana airlines offers an opportunity to participate in the marketing education course.
my son always hates to break up with anyone.
i will appreciate it if you can prepare a vehicle from the hotel to the airport.
disobeying to adults is considered as rude behavior.
there is a law to make a report at least a day before coming into the port in korea.
please confirm if this order can proceed through the flight.
why do you act selfishly and never try to understand others?
two airlines in korea always use different routes.
my merits are that i always smile and have good interaction with other people.
it can meet the requirements just with simple descriptions.
we had a first new year's meeting at po-hang branch last week.
what does 'officially designated companies by incheon international airport corporation' mean?
please let us know if you need anything.
i am deeply sorry about our insufficient response to your request.
thank you for being our regulars for this year.
fortunately, i could meet them after waiting a long time since i arrived at the airport.
i'm sure he's honest.
please find the address and phone number of inspection tower hospital.
then does it mean that it is right next to the hwaseong sports complex?
that's because goyang sports complex is not in incheon.
if i get this job, i'll do my best.
it's also safe for children's skin because it is made of biocompatible ingredients!
i would like to say this combination is very effective.
i would like to know where i can buy the combined pass.
we hope to depart on monday.
sir, i apologize for missing your class since i was sick.
i think it is also a part of your stage.
this laser may cause a little bit of pain.
are these lens still in the middle of fixing?
these logos are a bit lopsided.
this robot is useful to a busy person.
you can have this roll during dinner.
how far is this resort from the airport?
is there any korean staff in this resort?
please send this message to the manager.
i hope you read this message as soon as possible.
this email includes my thoughts.
these models have many features.
do we learn all of these only in college?
i don't understand these two phrases.
these two puppies are so different.
these two films are my absolute favorites.
the two stories are closely related.
what will happen at the end of this couple?
between these two, what is your choice..?
this drama has been on air 7 years ago.
this drama's title is called 'the star'.
let's decide what color this dress is!
these are affected by that.
in this design, nobody was excluded.
nowadays, it’s a cold winter in south korea.
south korea is not lying at all.
it's snowing outside since it’s winter now in south korea.
please explain about #the immigration history museum in korea#.
koreans work too much.
it is a work that expresses well about the feelings of koreans.
it's very easy to read korean if you learn how to.
there are some vacancies in my schedule after a month.
a grandma has been abandoned by her children.
i hope my grandfather gets better soon.
harry, which country do you want to visit?
a gallery as well as a cafe, approved by the hepburn foundation.
can i pay separately with cash and credit card?
can i pay you by cash every month?
i was so tired that i couldn't go swimming.
i was really tired, so i missed you.
i'm not going outside because you don't feel good.
i know you are in a harsh situation.
i fought against him with my friends.
please take good care of yourself as you have a lot of work to do.
it seems like he's got a rough patch.
i got help when it was difficult for me to walk alone.
she bought me a gift to cheer me up.
it's tough for two months but after that it's easy.
i like him for being on my side when i feel down.
it might not have returned perfectly.
if we can have a moderate amount of money.
we surely can build a house.
i was grateful to you for explaining to me kindly.
the time would be insufficient if doing slowly like this.
thank you for teaching me kindly.
and i will prepare to work hard.
fortunately, she understood the situation.
fortunately, my mother did not hurt that much.
it's still raining heavily here.
she deserves to be admired.
she works hard for her country.
we asked them to be quiet.
we are very embarrassed and sorry.
we will find the driver slowly.
we are the people who have got enough education.
we practiced hard and had a very enjoyable time.
we are updating regularly.
we desperately needed something to eat.
we have to save money properly.
we want to progress the deal quickly.
i told him that he should work out hard.
i translate if you speak english slowly.
i will study hard to make my dream come true.
i think that's because you don't study hard.
i wish you take care of her forever.
i encourage students who study hard.
my eyes are blurry because i studied too hard.
but i am working hard every day.
so, i had no choice but to count exactly.
i especially want to visit london in the uk.
i have something urgent to give you.
i've been thinking about you even more today.
you seem you are full of energy.
you look busy as ever.
you had a really tough flight.
you are either sleeping or busy as usual.
you'll imagine me gradually.
you are still the best woman for me.
i think it's totally wrong.
it’s very windy outside, especially today.
please think about that slowly.
today i feel exhausted especially.
it still smells of perfume.
i came back after handling the schedule.
you just need to work hard.
i'm not sure if i have enough coins.
rapidly gaining weight leads to obesity.
the remainder is still in my memory.
turn off your phone completely and turn it back on.
we will not pick that white flower up.
i put white snickers with white socks on.
don't live a sacrificing life.
i am looking at the picture of you two.
we want the airfare to be paid by your company.
how long does it take you from the city to the house?
do you want our team to be joined to your team?
because we will graduate soon.
i usually listen to exciting music.
i pray this land to be revived.
it is clear that this class is interesting.
i smile a lot, have lots of joyfulness and are very positive.
please let me know if you are interested in my proposal.
i love to exercise with sweat.
i will go there to see you this summer vacation.
now, your vacation is just around the corner.
how is your cell phone now?
i could not go on vacation yet.
may i know when you are closed?
i’ll make plans for this summer vacation.
this winter vacation is about a week long.
it is not allowed to use a phone while driving,
is it your mom's phone number or not?
i would like to recommend you maldive for a vacancy spot.
the closing schedule of the attraction is different every day.
can i take a vacation in march?
is it possible to charge cell phones at convenience stores?
i've just arrived at the fitness center.
my friend filled diesel in a gasoline vehicle.
he saw someone stealing a car.
i appreciate for your great instruction.
thank you for training me well.
i worked for a big hospital after graduation at college.
i will call you after work.
i will call you back after the meeting tomorrow.
how is the item delivered when it arrives at incheon?
i would like to contact you after the inspection.
i want to educate nursing after the surgery.
i will go to the library soon.
you can send money after you check if the bid is completed.
after the birth registration, the baby can be sent for adoption.
after a while, i going to get a massage.
our school junior thinks very well.
i put on loose clothes after exercising.
i played on my mobile phone after dinner, then i slept.
i practiced playing guitar after work.
now i'm planning to run after work.
i miss your body after shower.
homestay will be done in 2 weeks.
please contact me after checking the mail.
where are you planning to go after the meeting?
please answer after booking.
please approve after checking again.
didn't you go there after you graduated?
i cleaned up like this after the party.
i came home after taking a walk in the park.
i can not stop after meeting you.
i attended a year-end party after work.
a traditional wedding ceremony of my cool colleague gwang-jin
i am getting better after medical care.
put enough amount of water on your nose bridge after washing up.
one of my military juniors got a dragon tattoo.
we'd like to hold a party after lunch.
he has advised a lot after the marriage.
he always wears sloppy clothes.
i can receive it 4 days later.
she must be in the after-school class.
1 and 2 will end at 3 in the afternoon that day.
after using the softener, pump 23 times.
tony studies english after school.
after watching the movie, i can't eat a sweet jelly made of red beans.
after watching tv, i did house jobs.
we ate some thai food after watching a movie.
we went to the beach after playing soccer.
what is the plan after this time?
he will come to the office after an hour.
how is he doing after the coming out?
wanting to visit germany after graduation.
you can learn it enough after becoming an adult.
i don't like the frog since i have become an adult.
i don't leave any regret in my life.
i should register again after checking up.
please let me know if you have any future orders.
i am upset because all of my plans went wrong today.
where are god's plans?
i could have a plan of my own.
i hope i could prepare and plan.
i worked as a salesman in a food company.
now our company employees work 5 days a week.
i will be worried about you until you get better.
i want to meet at my office
i've applied to your company's marketing team.
i've used the product from your company.
i repeatedly listen to english conversations.
honey, i'm still working in my office.
i'm very happy with my job these days.
i'm doing a financial audit these days.
i major in finance and account.
i'm sending money to the cargo company.
i have a qualification in computing accounts.
i haven't finished working, yet.
the day was just decided by the company.
c has applied to our company.
i am working in a financial company.
if you want to make a deal with our company.
do i have to work with other shipping companies?
do you teach english conversation as well?
you go to two churches at the same time.
how could you enter that company?
to be a social worker which is my dream.
she wanted to join the race for the school presidency.
we are monopolizing sales at the company.
we requested it for the company again.
i mean, we have to do with looking for a chance.
i don't think i can attend the end-year party today.
the functions of the #technical change committee# are as follows.
a company and b company helped me a lot.
decide the time and the number after the counsel.
we went to the hotel after 2 hours of meeting.
let's exchange again when there's a chance!
this is requested by a major company in korea.
i go to meat restaurants three times a week.
thank you for giving us a chance.
today we will go to #pohang# because of dining out of the department.
how many employees are at malaysia's company?
are you in charge of accounting in this company?
is there anything you want from this regional society?
please refer to it as it says about the situation so far.
i want to live my life volunteering
the goal of the activity is as followings.
this is because of a lot of political activities.
i had been an active member of a college club.
i can concentrate only on physical activities.
english is very helpful in one's real life.
we became closer through the activity.
a website that provides basic and essential information related to all parts of life
i volunteered as a girl scout member.
it has been 6 months since i came here.
it is hard to live in a foreign country.
there is accommodation nearby.
regular habits are the basis of the diet.
life can be tougher.
protecting skins from various harmful environments.
don't receive money from patients who don't have any money.
take care during the change of seasons like these days.
she is preventing the patient from the rehabilitation.
the picture represents the patient.
i am sorry that i've returned your banana late.
my body circulation is not good.
because plastics are ruining the environment.
i got an email about the refund from #amazon#.
please don't make me recheck.
please check the contents above and answer.
please contact me after checking the deposit.
no abnormality found in pulleys.
first, it's about writing down records 'accurately'.
please send us a quotation.
please check the date and change it.
which of these two is the accurate standard?
i will go home and fix the light bulb in the toilet.
i will see lava and volcano tomorrow.
i went to the #hwacheon# trout festival today.
you've used all of your 3 minutes of free call coupon.
you will see many building screens.
i think i got angry too much lately.
i think i am making you angry.
i've seen that movie 5 times.
i received this movie from my friend.
i've put an implant last tuesday.
i often get angry with my friends.
don't we need a conversation in this situation?
can i get the representative phone number?
i'm running to the bathroom.
3 minutes coupon of free calls has been expired.
sometimes i scream when i get angry.
the toilet light in our room is broken.
i want the room and house in fancy colors.
the title of the movie that i watched is #pro jeon#
please call me when you feel better.
please let me know the way to make a call between rooms.
please forgive me if i offended you.
today we are not having a multiple culture lesson.
i could not resist my anger today.
what kind of leisure culture would you like to experience?
i am very impressed by the movie.
it was the saddest movie i've ever watched.
isn't it better to call 911?
it seems like an arrow flies toward my heart.
i was so glad to have a conversation with you.
now i understand why you were so upset.
is this the right way to the department store?
i'm sad that we can't talk more deeply.
i use the internet and calling at the same time.
she offered detailed information.
we are the automation facilities manufacturer.
can you make a call instead of me?
these days i don't like to eat because of digestive malfunction.
you can see the essence of italian paintings.
you can use the toilet and the shower stall in the family room.
the place around #the galleria department store# is a busy street.
it's such a pleasure to get your call after a long time.
can i know the name and phone number?
the most touching movie is #three idiots 2#.
i want to check the line of the telephone in this room.
conversation will be much helpful than grammar.
the hair salon is near #ewha woman's university# station.
is every public restroom equipped with toilet paper?
hey guys, stop talking and let's move on.
i'm still not ready to call.
call eric and tell him to come here.
sending a photo that proves the product has been already sent.
i've written some phone numbers on that.
i've got the idea from pointillism.
i learned to mock genre paintings today.
they should make a unique policy.
i think this kind of conversation is also learning.
aliens often appear in movies.
it looks fun to talk with foreigners.
i don't have any time from sunday to tuesday.
it is the name of the main character in this japanese cartoon.
i just wanted to improve the basic skills of communication.
keep this product away from flammables.
i think i'm watching many movies this week.
you and i need to have a conversation now.
i'm so happy to have a phone call with you.
because changes always improve me.
my favorite movie genre is hero movies.
it's really hard to have a chance to have a phone talk.
i have to take the plane headed to hong kong again soon.
my friends want to look around hong kong.
i think #hongdae# is better than #shinchon#.
i really hope to visit hong kong again.
i really want to visit hong kong again.
we can watch the movie in hongkong.
i've been writing '19 years old'.
i uploaded a photo on your home page yesterday.
i like the book called #the sherlock holmes#.
i saw you on the person's homepage.
for me to get into the working holiday program.
i visited #insa-dong# alone today.
i heard that you are going to marry soon.
i can play by myself.
except for the truth that i'm alone now.
that i'm nervous all by myself.
domestic marriages are dominant of course.
do you have thinking about getting marry with me?
he is the only one wearing a short-sleeved shirt.
it means i studied by myself through the internet.
but that doesn't mean i never want to be married.
you should marry within a short time and come live in korea.
so i feel like i am the only one who is calling.
even a child can easily carry it by himself.
you should report your marriage in thailand, too
please accept my propose.
it costs a lot to marry in korea.
why do you have to move by yourself?
weren't you worried when you've married to korean?
i'm not talking about the divorce now.
it's expected that this winter will be severely cold.
do you guys like animals?
i wasn't able to overcome the attraction of sleeping.
i want to be a hotelier in the future.
i'm going to stay in #the hilton hotel#.
can i use onions or such ingredients according to my preference?
the initial passcode is '0000'.
i have not decided on any hotel yet.
please book a hotel near the office.
i didn't tell you my phone number.
i dreamed of playing in australia yesterday.
i checked out of the hotel yesterday.
i've been nursing someone for over 3 years.
i am on the way to work at the hotel.
we are not sleeping in #the summit hotel# today.
we are going to leave the hotel now.
if i could stay at the hotel.
why didn't you tell that you're a lawyer?
it's #ramada songdo hotel# which is in #yeonsoo-gu#.
why were you standing in front of the hotel?
children must walk with the guardians.
i stay at a hotel and take some breaks on monday.
why do you have two phone numbers?
let me know the shop's phone number and address.
it's close to the #ddukseom# station of line number 2 of the subway.
mother, father, older brother and i live together.
i saw my brother's presentation yesterday.
i live with mom, dad, and elder brother.
she has a fox-shaped face.
there are used traces on the appearance of the camera.
a bearing looks like an oval rather than a circle.
i want to produce implants for erectile dysfunction.
what are the form and present state of the broadcasting market?
the cell-phone number is not in proper form.
i love your co-operation.
we eliminated the oil with cooperation from citizens.
you should come to the site office right now.
can i pay on the site on the first day of the lesson?
there is another choice, receiving it by cash.
how do you know #hyeon-jeong#?
my friend witnessed the crime scene with his eyes.
the present and future are important to us.
present and past coexist in this movie.
this card can be used for atm.
we will keep our fingers crossed for athlete #jae-hyuk sa#.
if it is stuck, please remove it.
tomatoes are better for your health when cooked.
i go jogging instead of working out in the gym nowadays.
we can deliver to the argentine republic.
i have to buy hair products often.
i am worried if the experience would happen again.
yes, it opens at rowing experience school.
especially, please confirm whether the crash test has been done.
you can buy them cheaply after picking tangerines.
don't forget that hochimin is a dangerous city.
does the company pay the cost for the test?
it has a virus that is hazardous to human beings.
i heard there is an exam next week.
i will give you the exam sheet on the day of an examination.
i feel so good!!!
it is the wicket door from the inner building to the east building.
will you go to the #herbland# tomorrow?
only if i get permission.
are you going to hospital as you hurt your waist during working out?
i've never smelled tulip.
there should be a direction-setting for the future.
there was some spice in that food.
i am supposed to attend a reunion with my hometown friends this week.
my father lives alone in his hometown.
i will teach not to do it.
i want to know what planets are there.
i want to know what planets are there
i want to make a reservation for two, bound for korea.
i wish you guys spend a happy christmas, too.
i will pray for your happiness every day.
yes, so i have mingled feelings of joy and sorrow.
his behavior looked smart.
i participated in a lot of school events.
i'm so happy for you to call today.
i have a high level of happiness.
i hope you have a happy and nice day!
please have a joyful christmas everyone.
i do not know the beginning time of the school event.
i wasn't doing anything.
i am transferring to the plane headed for the u.s.
i also love exploring the islands.
i am sorry for what i have done.
i am about to get aboard on flight to incheon.
is there a korean worker at this bank?
my party is inside there.
we should all be happy and love each other.
it is a very happy and enjoyable day.
how is the progress rate of this project?
just let me know your #kyeongnam# bank's account number.
i hope you and i can live happily forever.
i must pay the fine to the bank by today.
i knew you were going to go by plane.
i thought you have traveled a lot.
i wish you could do something that makes you happy.
i'm really enjoying my birthday thanks to you.
ever suffered from an overloaded suitcase?
my daughter was absent due to a trip.
one travel is equal to one life.
if there's any problem after the press conference.
how long does it take from korea by plane?
here is a photo taken during our travel.
the work we've been processing in korea got extended.
i heard that you are planning to travel to korea.
the following are the normal freight charge rates.
today is such a meaningful and happy day.
i hope you will smile all the time with happiness.
i've had so many happy moments in my life.
spain is a very good country to travel to.
it provides safety for both the driver and the pedestrian.
i can make a paper plane.
we will make it a good trip.
aggressive touting is not pleasant to see.
quadcopter flight control and navigation systems development.
i might have missed the plane.
i'm going to visit a travel agency because i'm anxious.
i hope there will be full of happiness and luck to you all the time.
was it okay when you did the sample inspection?
i sometimes miss the time when i worked.
don't be like that to me like you used to be.
i've lost my key, then how much is the fine?
i'll try to correct what i said yesterday.
i did not say i arrived home.
i can remember what you have said.
did you know i am divorced?
i will summarize what we have been talking about.
she is married and has a child.
i ordered a cup of coffee, but it has not been served yet.
so i was disappointed and felt bad.
you did a very good job and good luck to you in the future.
i feel relieved that you arrived there.
i checked with the bank and could not find any deposits.
it was bizarre at first but tasted better as i kept eating.
this place was way better than i imagined.
all i asked was to do my nails and i got a piece of art.
please refer to the attached file.
why aren't you contacting me even after checking the mail?
you need to solve the misunderstanding if you suspected.
according to the mail you mentioned.
what you've expected did not happen.
i got a giveaway which i didn't expect at all.
i will call the police because i've encountered sexual harassment.
i went out to find my missing cellphone.
i eventually read the novel on my phone.
there are no photos on my new phone.
i couldn't use my cellphone at the camp.
now i realized that it's time to break up.
i hope to be entertained.
i understand him being busy, but i feel lonely.
i saw the sunset on the beach yesterday.
don't you dare think that i should keep doing this?
don't feel down because you heard those words.
tell me who will be running it.
relieve stress about choosing presents, touching present which gives power.
i had to ask on this board because i had nowhere else to ask.
i got an approval message from other countries.
i flew through #chengdu# to visit #paris#.
there is nothing i can do if you come here.
study hard so you can help me next time.
these are references used for interpretation.
even though we don't communicate well, let's stay as good friends.
located along #the aewol coastal road#.
i check the work i've done and the work i have to do.
i wonder why he did such a thing.
he doesn't delay his work because he is diligent.
it was a special summer vacation thanks to you.
it is a 2-month project but i feel tired.
you can't be better than others for doing the same amount as others.
it's not clear whether i have to go to work tomorrow.
then, i will keep treating you well.
i was able to endure because you've understood.
although our parents are against us we are now married.
let's work together to make a better future.
henry said you don't have to feel sorry about it.
this medicine seems like the one prescribed by a doctor.
i heard he was enraged by wife's saying of divorce.
the more important the game is, the higher the price becomes.
the bolt has got loose, so i tightened it.
these are what my sister said to bring.
i have been busy since the semester has started.
what should we test?
it seems like the process of her growing up.
we sent it to you directly that is our mistake.
it's nice to ride a bicycle thanks to the warm weather.
i told you yesterday that i would tell you.
i have nothing else to say.
i am so happy for this warm welcoming.
i need to take some rest at home after finishing my work.
i will be going to private english academies for my english study.
the water pressure is too weak to take a shower.
i think 6 including us would be good.
i went to the english department for my dream.
how much more do i have to try to do better?
do your best for your d-day.
i was going to ask you to cook something delicious.
it would be appreciated if you could supply the furniture.
we ate meat again after we have arrived.
you keep breaking the promise.
i got off work earlier yesterday because i was tired.
she kept trying to interact with others.
we have a project to study.
we have to adjust our diets.
we have to pay next month.
i like the dish my mom cooked.
while we were doing so, we watched a foreign football game.
but there is something to add.
i want to know more about #wolmi-do island#.
would you still like to marry and have a baby?
i take the meaning as it being my first trip abroad.
everybody remember that we are the ones.
i came because i needed the signature for my children.
thank you all for congratulating me.
long story short, it has to be you.
the yogurt went bad and i got a stomachache after eating it.
i would be thankful if you could send it exactly the way it got sent.
thinking about the future a lot.
i can write in english even if you write in korean.
i misunderstood the date and checked out today.
a game that a user kills people using weapons.
i was so happy at that time by my reminiscing.
please select a date and confirm your reservation.
i completed an installation including the machine.
i am sending you a message instead because i am bad at english.
he will not come home no matter how many times you call him.
you are the only one that worries about my health.
place it where it belongs.
we are not responsible for lost items.
i'm sorry but i'd like to take some rest tonight.
i'd like to look around some laptops.
i prepared a lot for everyone.
i bought the ticket through a travel agency.
i want some more details about the sponsor.
make a u-turn and go straight down.
i have a research assignment in venice.
i'll learn hotel managing through the internship.
improve the level of understanding and comprehension of the situation.
you should follow the rules at that place.
i like someone who could concentrate on the conversation.
i have a few questions about the class.
there will be the same classes next year.
did you check the date by calling the hotel?
i did documentation jobs after i've arrived at the office.
i came to the country which i have always admired.
every charity activity done in school.
in korea, people make wishes while watching the sun.
you will contact me right away after you arrive in korea, won't you?
everyone can't understand me.
i want to be an expert by working harder.
i used to be crazy about #harry potter#.
i will contact you when i arrive in macau.
are you going to keep in touch with her?
i came here to know about kindergarten.
test scores may give frustration.
work has been accumulated a lot due to the business trip.
i got eating disorders because of it.
it's a good morning thanks to you.
south korea has a reserve army system.
china is continually growing economically.
they say they cannot check.
did you arrive home after work?
i will think about it if you refund me the full price.
i want you to analyze and solve this problem.
i will purchase it immediately if you give me a discount.
you can still become pregnant even if you use a condom.
i'm taking some rest because i drove a lot.
don't drink too much for your health.
take it easy when you work and care for your health.
i would be thankful if you request for help.
please send me a summary of the amounts.
please drink a little alcohol for your health.
are you ready to answer well?
we would appreciate it if you cancel your reservation.
we need to save water for the environment.
it is regarded as a clean energy source for the future.
i will never forget your concerns.
i would like to purchase the item through an account transfer.
you didn't fail because you lack.
you should achieve your goals and make a relationship with a nice guy.
i understand the customer being comfortable.
i'm glad you solved it well.
i love all the music that you have recommended.
i have visited twice because the symptom was light.
there are a lot of works to do because it is the end of the year.
operation has been delayed since an interference was caused.
i drank a cup of coffee that you've given to me.
a delicious dinner cooked by my husband.
i canceled the reservation since it is a holiday.
wearing a facial mask because my skin feels dry.
i am happy that you like it.
i am happy only when you are happy.
thank you for your concern.
thank you for your present.
i am very happy to be close to you.
korean people eat #ddeokguk soup# on new year’s morning.
fingerprint verification is required for log-in.
i'm very happy that i got to meet you through this job.
i got stress due to it.
i would appreciate it if you would kindly consider it.
i will send you the schedule when it is set.
this is a celebration drink for getting a license.
thank you very much for preparing the cake.
i thought i knew a lot about twitter.
you need fiber to grow.
let's try to be happy.
i moved to seoul to study.
what should i do to solve the problem?
to be honest, i am very sad.
the deep sleep-enhancing aroma soothes your mind and body.
this is necessary to protect our eyes.
i will perform the instrument for you after i practice a lot.
we hope you purchase it after full consideration.
study hard and marry me.
study hard and go to a good university.
study hard to come and study in korea.
give it to me in person after you study hard.
i would be appreciated if you speak slower.
try hard to be a flight attendant.
i wish you would be happy all the time.
i thanked you for always washing me.
yes, i've always lived with honesty.
i live in #gimpo# near #the gimpo airport#.
please let us know if you have any questions.
i always take care of children with a full heart.
i am in front of gate 1 of #the incheon airport#.
we are always living with feeling love.
my friends always approach me first.
you have to check two things.
are you going to pick me up if i go there?
i cleaned one of the three fish bowls.
may god be always with you.
why are you always in my mind?
that ship's sailing time is five o clock.
coffee shops are always prepared with water.
i dreamed of a repetitive dream at that time.
what time will you go to the airport tomorrow?
the bathroom smells bad.
my heart is always beating for you.
#daejeon# is three hours away from the airport.
are there any taxies that go from here to the airport?
there is always a culture event there.
i wonder whether you checked my request or not.
i requested a cancellation of the flight ticket.
we sell octopus #jjambbong#(chinese spicy seafood noodle), pot #jjambbong#, etc.
can you come to #the copenhagen airport#?
we finished editing what you've requested.
always be healthy and happy this year.
i always felt very nervous during the presentation.
i am always thankful for your kind consideration.
i go to a propagation choir.
i'll marry him legally.
i go to choir practice.
the number should be modified to an appropriate one.
membership sales service of integrated sporting facilities.
i will invite you when i am with my friends.
are you available for dinner?
i got a lot of clams with my brother.
i also studied tofel with my friends.
i'm walking with you in the park.
i feel sorry that we couldn't be together longer.
i enclose related papers so check on it.
everything is okay for me if it is with you.
today is the last day with the students.
i don't think i will be with him for my entire life.
because we've done a lot of things together.
i always enjoy being with you.
i am going on a picnic with my family.
it is pleasant to drink with friends.
it is fun to go hiking with my friends.
it was so sad that i couldn't spend time with you that day.
it was fun to participate with my friends.
it's hard to live with older sisters.
it's a regular meeting i have with my friends.
the force decreases as the height increases.
can you eat together after work?
there will be so many uncomfortable situations on the moon.
i'm ready to be with you.
do the two people use the car together?
although you are not here, i hope you feel the pleasure of togetherness.
it says "installation fee included", then does it mean you will come to korea install?
does this price contains vat?
with a large noise, the car lurched forward.
we have more time to be together.
i want to talk to my older brother.
i think it's because they are with music all the time.
i am always touched by your kindness.
i am living in dorms with a roommate.
thank you for being with us.
i will introduce a teleporting product now.
i will do it first and you go next.
you must always be careful when driving.
could you remind me of the book i should buy?
i make a good memory whenever i'm with you.
someone who bothers when worked together with.
i'll use korean when i'm talking to you.
i like helping my grandmother.
the only thing left for him to do is a marriage.
i only need more friends to talk to.
i liked those sides of my grandmother.
i know that i can go by myself.
i hope i will recover soon.
before you go, please stop by the grandmother's house.
there is a document that i can sign on.
there are several problems to be solved.
when your grandfather passed away?
there is a good looking guy when i work out.
what work makes you passionate like that?
i checked precisely what i have to do.
i bought a smartphone on a 24 monthly payment plan.
i always thank my grandfather.
i am with my grandparents.
i am looking for someone for language exchange.
he was very tiny beyond my imagination.
if i attend a halloween party.
now is the only time we can talk.
not participating friend's wedding ceremony.
the movie we are going to present is #oath to my father#.
please keep it until the semester starts.
are there any shows/performances that kids would enjoy?
it sometimes occurs while we are assembling as well.
my sister told me that it can be exchanged.
could you give me some time to adjust?
i finally figured out how to study.
i'm sorry but i don't know how to explain it.
it was an honor to be with you.
i'm glad to study with you.
i'm lucky to get to talk to you.
there are a lot of things to do with you.
it's always interesting whenever i am talking to you.
why did the wolf rush into the grandmother's house?
the time to control is coming soon.
she kicked the grandmother out.
we agreed to have some time to think.
we've found a study group to join.
the value that should be modified is below.
you need it when you enter manila.
invite me when you are playing games with her.
i am really happy to travel with you.
i want to know if you can produce it as one thing.
can the bag for the tour be provided?
how long will it take to manufacture the machine?
the more you use the card, the more points you can get.
are there not any good ways to support us?
i am suggesting an alternative which can help us to resolve the problem.
but i think you need to try it.
why is taking an exam necessary when organizing classes?
there is no more stock to refill.
i think that it is no longer applicable.
did you lose your weight when you worked here?
i will call later if needed.
i will call you later when i need you.
tell her to eat a lot when you call her later
i'll order it later when i need it.
i'll try hard until i adapt to school!
please give me the hospital record to submit to school.
the story of this movie is about a grandmother and her grandson.
#kakaotalk# is available in korea.
please let me join when you play games with her.
this is for a present, so please gift-wrap it.
there are lots of places to eat and shop in #myeongdong#.
i can understand you, but i am sad.
are there any bbq restaurants representing #incheon#?
that will help when you use the product.
if i can handle the price, i will buy it.
as long as you have the financial capability to keep it,
we have to make a path to move objects.
you can text me when you are free.
i will take a class when you are available.
i will try to make you happy.
how was the weather like when you were climbing the mountain?
feel free to ask me when you need any help.
i'll have a break while you exercise.
talk to me when you're bored.
there is a subway when you transfer.
please send me a message when you feel bored.
please let me know what transportation company you will use.
i don't know whether you will like it or not.
my grandfather made me my name.
i heard you could catch seashells.
for memories that we can keep forever,
why do i have to lie to her?
why do i get mad at my cutie?
however, i'm afraid there is nothing like it in korea.
i hope everyone has good luck with this year.
how is the weather like in korea, your country?
i went to my friend's house at 1 p.m.
i want to learn english from a native speaker.
i was born in a small rural area.
i was just curious because you said that you had a new job.
did you check the file i've uploaded?
have a nice weekend in korea.
you have to wait for an hour after the worship.
could i be your boyfriend in korea?
could i contact your manager?
i usually prepare lunch at 1 p.m.
i think you know that you have to sleep now.
yes, please give me a bottle of #windsor# and some fruits.
i told to have a cup of coffee.
i spent last year fruitfully.
i really like a diligent woman.
people wear #hanbok# on important days.
can we talk in korean from now on?
can you cook korean food for me?
don't you understand what i've told?
i'm surely proud of being a korean.
women see korean people as money.
i'm #seo-in# whom you've met in korea.
i walk for more than an hour every day.
sometimes, i feel like i am in korea.
i like diligent people.
i like someone who is always consistent.
tell me whether i made a mistake.
take a trip only with a ticket for a train.
this is the product that i use in korea.
which korean product do you want to have?
this is a popular dance in korea recently.
i have gone out with him for about a month.
there is a pencil under the chair.
there is a cash prize on the table.
i have just signed a month contract extension for our house.
everything doesn't change at once.
they are having a test on korean proficiency.
can all those products be used in korea?
i didn't even take a picture at all.
i don't know about recent korean tv programs.
i don't know what i've been talking with you.
i couldn't send an email to david.
i can drink only a bottle of #soju#.
i can't stand unfairness.
what made you come to korea five times?
thank you for informing me of my mistake.
i am faithful to only one person.
i already have a membership number in korea.
my daily limit was 500 dollars.
are there other korean classmates in the class?
is there anyone who can speak korean?
do you want me to contact a korean service guide?
my friends say that it is good to work in korea.
if i give you one topic,
if you're curious about south korea,
my grandfather is the most diligent person.
there is hope as long as we have blood.
it is similar to the appearance of south korea where i live.
i should recover my senses by drinking a cup of coffee.
is it okay to give you an additional boiled egg?
as far as i know, the place is better than here.
it smelled bad as i was concerned.
what made me misunderstand is your words.
well, you'll have to wait at least one day.
ok, let's meet and talk about the details.
then let's go and buy a bottle of sweet red wine.
i want to eat food full of vegetables.
i'd like to know how much the omega is.
check the pictures that we've attached.
we will let you know if we receive an order for it.
i think that the time we spent together is short.
the lecturer who we've invited didn't come.
the number we've recorded is wrong.
i can't believe that meat is unlimited!
will my mom allow our marriage?
the pump we've provided can be used.
the world will pay you back as much as you try.
when would be #dimsums# we've ordered served?
the patient can't remember the exact date.
the invoice is different from what we've ordered.
this is the end of the contents that we've prepared.
i don't know why our relationship is uncomfortable.
i am going to make a cake for someone.
what is the maximum size that we need?
is the loose cover available?
we will prepare it as quickly as possible and go there.
is it possible to improve it if we request it?
we took the bus which she has rented.
it's been almost half a year since the company has moved.
do you have any plans to come to korea for a while?
try to find a job that suits you.
i've never seen such a huge city like this.
our group is composed of various majors.
please send me the price of the item that you've attached.
i love him who is so precious to me.
i have three kinds of comfortable food.
where are the items that i need?
please don't ask me too much.
where was the information that i needed?
if it is a convenient plan for you, i will follow it.
i want to see your sexy and pretty body too.
thanks a lot, and have a happy day.
also, i designed a variety of products.
this kind of action evokes passion.
and then i drank a cup of weird tea.
and tell me the exact wedding date.
and i need some savory sesame oil.
and i have two important exams.
happy birthday my pretty and smart daughter!
i will miss the class that i took with you.
you can submit it after conducting it with me.
let's check if there is a similar one to this.
while being with you, i learned a lot.
i'd like to apply for the same route as yours.
there is a similar model in korea.
the time that i spent with you was so happy.
keep the same keynote as the previous page.
the one who communicates with customers with a sincere heart
it's so sad to say goodbye to you now.
transportation for the commuters is inconvenient.
why don't you try to learn korean through this chance?
i'm sorry that it occurred suddenly.
it's been the only month since i've come here.
what is the image of korea until now?
i have serious acrophobia.
i hope you always have a happy day.
do you think i am a kind and nice friend all the time?
i build miniatures in the republic of korea.
this man is a famous singer in korea.
i can't lend you #hanbok#.
i regularly get a medical checkup once a year.
he told me that you were not good at singing.
who do we should get a confirmation?
#mina# has made true artwork.
the korean wave is spreading over various areas.
#dokdo# is the territory of korea obviously.
i hope this year will be full of happiness for you.
my hobby is to read a book in a quiet place.
the cafe has a comfortable atmosphere.
she has an amazing vocal range.
she received it devoutly.
she has very strong thighs.
india is likely to have many distinctive cultures.
a cast can make a complicated shape.
i always roll up the pants one time.
we enjoy various kinds of bicycle cultures.
it seems that we have lots in common.
we should leave a message at least.
we make a reservation only for special occasions.
we need some appropriate motivation.
we want a fair judgment result.
we got on a car in exhausting conditions.
we are not accustomed to this kind of situation.
we have to wrap this year up soon.
we'd like to make products similar to that.
we want to make similar products.
we have to choose at least one member.
we hope this will be a useful chance for you.
we will wait for a fair decision.
it's been two years now since we entered this school.
he finished it as quickly as possible.
i wanted you to decide as you felt comfortable.
so please suggest the proper price.
why are you marked as you're in korea?
i thought you were in korea.
#dongguk university# is also located under the namsan.
i wish you have a happy year too.
there are a lot of events related to #taekwondo#.
it would be good because it's cheap.
i earned as much as i had worked for a long time.
text me the content about what you've taught.
we have to volunteer for others.
i need to put the uncomfortable spacesuit on me when i leave.
i'm not telling you to come to korea for me.
one big bear suddenly appeared.
he seems to ache all over his body from fatigue seriously.
how much is the actual amount needed?
i can see the hospital i've chosen as my favorite.
how do you feel about sightseeing around #gyeongju# so far?
i stored the ring in a safe.
it has been 4 days since i started studying.
it's been only 1 week since i started to study.
i want to see it for the last time before leaving.
this will be my last request.
when was your last scaling?
however, i have forgotten the exact time.
but he may not be an honest friend.
but i couldn't eat many kinds of food.
i see best friends all together after a long time.
what do you think is the most delicious korean food?
i don't think they care about their country's people.
could you take some time for me tonight?
most north korean people are famished to death.
this cost occurs monthly.
i make my own decision for my life.
therefore, please propose a reasonable price.
#hanyang university# is very far from here.
so don't save anything important.
so, i can't show you my hot appearance.
so i was finding a true friend.
so it's because this result has been caused.
i can also do my vacation homework on my bed.
give me some information about the case.
the exam is scheduled for a month.
can we delay the checkout time for an hour?
i forgot all that i have studied.
a month has passed since i started going on a diet.
and it got me to be interested in foreign languages.
when will you give me the cafe you mentioned?
i need a notarization for the guardian.
i visited the construction site located in incheon.
could you investigate about the cheap golf course nearby?
i totally understand about the absence.
i need a comment for the event.
i lied to him that i will participate in the gathering.
i know he has just returned to the company.
there is a famous ramen restaurant in #hongdae#.
please make the payment for what was processed this time.
please receive all the documents that are necessary for education.
there are innumerable famous shoe manufacturers in the world.
there isn't any woman in korea.
there isn't any distinction between man and woman in chinese characters in korea.
there isn't any difference between sex in chinese characters in korea.
the camera you've asked about is broken.
an honest person gets trust from people.
i checked the message after i had arrived here.
what would you do if you were pregnant?
what should i do about the product that came later?
thank you so much for such a swift response on the weekend.
my friend who got married at this time lives in seoul.
if the dish that we've ordered comes fast,
it's been almost 3 months since i started working at this company.
it's okay if the price is the same as the latest purchase.
don't hate me because of my bad english.
the movie is not released yet in korea.
you must protect your precious family.
trust doesn't work if you force it to occur.
you are my private instructor forever.
you are my wife forever in my heart.
korea is called as a country of calm morning.
happiness can be found from trivial things
this makes dinner perfectly.
the price has to be competitive.
they are not getting clean water.
they tell me whether it's valid or not.
the world is full of wonderful things.
they have incredible supernatural powers.
they fought with each other because of a simple problem.
are you having a comfortable weekend?
they broke down just after a day i bought them.
they didn't sleep enough.
the refrigerator i've ordered will arrive today.
sleep tight as you are in a warm place today.
today, we had a time of a profitable discussion.
mediation will get rid of your complex ideas.
meditation helps me to forget complicated thoughts.
do you have similar items?
do you have any special way to save?
he tackles for minute things.
is it only possible to exchange at the place where i bought it?
it is considered as a special situation.
do you know the famous pineapple store?
it is generalized at a reasonable price.
the content is about various couple's love stories.
it was a comfortable atmosphere and also fun.
it disturbs various value judgments.
do you prepare warm clothes for winter?
it is based on a clean environment.
i will be grateful if you send the answer as soon as possible.
i used a film camera.
here is a person who lost her love.
here is a person who has carried out love.
consideration of anti-cancer effect using mushrooms
i'm going to send you an e-mail including the price information.
sell everything except your soul.
the research about anticancer treatment using mushrooms
i hope that i can meet you someday.
it has been only 3 days after i started the game.
it's been five months since i have started playing drums.
your single word gives me power.
your warm words are so touching to me.
i saw a good message from you.
i received your kind message very well.
her calm attitude deserves praising.
this colorful scene in the movie is really beautiful.
i gave credit for her modest attitude.
the true queen of england, elizabethⅰ.
please take care of our precious luggage.
there are many cars because today is an important day in korea.
their heartwarming love is so beautiful.
the exact origin of shooting is not known.
thank you for your warm heart.
thanks for offering the details.
to protect your valuable life,
text me if you have any questions.
i wish you had a warm winter.
the date that you mentioned is too late.
please confirm the quantity that you need.
just withdraw the money that you want little by little.
i sent you the whole thing you'd ordered.
i really want to see you when you are free.
i posted the schedule that you had requested.
i need a toothbrush, do you have it?
i like all of the food that you've prepared.
i hope you to be a valuable friend.
i hope you have a happy weekend.
check whether that is possible or not.
the store you've chosen does not have the stuff.
the travel destination you'd recommended was very nice.
there is a restaurant that needs to be booked, though.
please check when you can.
the merchandise that the model is wearing is (c).
today is the end of 2 weeks that we've promised.
did i make you tired?
i can't see the screen that you've attached.
i completed an invoice you had asked.
it was because you didn't say you loved me.
i was embarrassed because the meaning of it seemed strange.
grace has a plan to travel to korea.
what is your opinion about korea?
49 days after the accident had happened, he died.
if you permit, the conversation will be continued.
we cleaned the room while you were out.
you only have to ship the amount that you need.
we enrolled the id which you had asked for.
is ceo punishing you?
it's been more than a week since the goods arrived.
there are many myths and rumors about aliens.
i am living with a korean bro.
this email account has a limited capacity.
these gloves seem to be a little bit big for me.
i would like to watch a relatively affordable match.
we are giving out information about dogs, too.
there won't be any teacher as kind as you.
would you want to try this treatment?
there are many guests in a korean restaurant in istanbul.
what kind of present do you want me to give you?
well, let's go eat delicious food when you come to korea soon.
this file is also a color scanned version.
you can charge your phone where you have opened your line.
i also may keep your valuables.
how long does it take from the philippines to korea?
how long does it take to get korea from the philippines?
that's all explanations about endorphins.
there is another way to solve it.
i am sorry but give me one more sheet of paper.
it is because he has threatened me.
to prepare for unpredictable events.
a warm-hearted word grabs attention.
you can tell dad that you are going to work and go.
a rose of sharon is a flower that symbolizes the republic of korea.
it was good to see you preparing hard.
this movie made me feel so comfy.
i will register for the winter semester.
now you know well about my school.
i want to study at school again.
i went to watch a movie at the academy.
students should go to the institute every day.
student with a low grade also can be selected.
i usually go to school by bus.
i taught science in a private academy.
not many students were in the classroom.
i took the first class of this semester today.
i thought today is the day i should go to the academy.
i am studying again after becoming a student.
i took a nap after school.
i saw you in the english class at school.
i ran through the playground at school today.
i hope you have a great vacation!
minsu goes to the student's hall often.
don't you like the graduation gift that i've given?
i made a calendar in the art class today.
i made a clock in the art academy today.
i joined a parent-teacher association yesterday.
i get children to the school and the kindergarten.
there're 6 classes in our school.
i entered the department of culinary in #yeongnam university#.
aren't you mistaking me for another student?
i did a lot of things during this vacation.
i almost could not come to the academy today.
i am in charge of assisting disabled students.
that kind of stuff couldn't be imaginable in korea.
i attended the career search principal training.
i am happy to come to academic school every day.
i am a transfer student, not a freak.
i am a student studying electric engineering.
he wants to go to school soon.
he introduced a girl to me.
we can identify which school he goes to.
we should prepare for the next term.
do i have to apply for another school?
so far, it has been a promotional video of #chosun university#.
do the students roam around too much in the middle of classes?
he's a student of #chungang university#.
can she attend to the third grade?
my big sister opposed me to enter school.
math is more difficult than science to me.
and i met one of my high school schoolmates.
i've missed the very first exam after entering middle school.
i fell in love when i was a sophomore.
the professor knows well how students feel.
are indonesian students good at english?
she has started it since she was in elementary school.
we met for the first time in elementary school.
it is because we charge food expenses for starting from elementary school children.
professor, i feel like my grade is too low.
professor, are you enjoying your vacation?
professor, this is #seong-wook bae# majoring in-laws.
thank you for your effort for a semester, professor.
a few months ago, at the beginning of the school year, there was a fire accident in school.
but i like school, just like you.
hey kids, the opening of a semester has postponed till tomorrow.
my daughter has passed her graduate school entrance exam.
my daughter getting into middle school.
i haven't played basketball since i graduated from high school.
as it's been a long time since the last field trip, i was very excited.
most universities require the toeic score.
my only wish was to enter the school.
i went to foreign countries every vacation during my school days.
i'm going to school to work by 1.
a science exhibition is opening in #daejeon#.
i have a gathering of college friends at #daejeon#.
what do students do when they hang out in india?
i hope you have a great vacation coming soon.
i have been busy recently by preparing for a graduate school interview.
i've been attending school since february.
next, there is a problem with school life.
astronomy is not developed in korea.
they have two daughters who are in high school.
today i had a replacement test for a high school.
tell me your timetable on this semester.
that job was teaching math.
this photo was taken when i was a middle school student.
i go to #korea baptist theological university#.
i have used a computer since i was in middle school.
i was busy preparing for entering highschool.
there are too many assignments in elementary and middle schools.
can you lend me your science book?
i will take care of all if we do it together.
i've been worried about you all day long today.
i wish we could get along well together.
i will work as a part-time today.
i will go to you after checking in.
i was moved by hany's saying.
tell me immediately what i should do.
you must be tired by dating out yesterday.
you can make a mistake when you talk too much.
you'd better cancel it quickly.
although we cannot communicate well, i want to hear your voice.
i think playing alone is the most interesting.
i think the day has gone so quickly.
yes, i hope the rest of your day would be better.
yes, one popcorn and a coke, please.
i also saw verrucas mating.
yes, what do you do every day?
i really want to go to hawaii again.
darling, i want to meet you as soon as possible.
darling, have you been at home all day?
working at nighttime tires you out.
i played the guitar all day.
i put a fork on the table.
blood comes out of my eyes when i lie.
don't force me to work.
don't hate or dislike others.
men cannot focus on one thing.
i'm watching a tv drama which is on air these days.
i miss you even when i am talking to you.
will you go to the school festival next week?
talking about food is making me hungry.
my loving heart toward you is huge.
take care of yourself and be careful not to catch a cold.
i know it but i have no way other than this.
i hope i will congratulate you in a short time.
there are some requirements to transfer money overseas.
i gave a class all day today and yesterday.
i go to an academy before i go to work.
i get nervous every time before the show.
where is the shopping spot that you don't like?
are you asking me if i'm doing something else?
please refer to this while progressing.
i eat bread once a day these days.
i drink water three times a day.
the sky of the fall today is very beautiful.
today's autumn sky is really beautiful.
today i can have a day off from the class.
i couldn't get the answer i've wanted.
i don't know why i'm saying this.
i don't like to have a conversation on the phone.
i don't need to attend the class today.
i worked part-time all day yesterday.
i don't want to do what he doesn't like.
i cannot work with you, so i am very sad.
each animal is diving in the water.
because many people think you are good.
i am not in the mood to talk about that now.
what kind of physical contact do you want to do most?
i've done all of the things of today.
are there any other jobs that you want?
he does what he intends to do.
be confident in everything.
do i have to pass by #the bupyeong underground shopping center#?
do not hesitate to study abroad.
do not think like that and let's meet comfortably.
do you think i am with a girl?
he finished the work just in one day.
he is off for the whole day.
my heart remains unchanged for you.
we have the same interest, ice hockey.
he felt truly happy when working.
does the bus that i need to take stop here?
it is not accepted because you didn't tell me in advance.
does your current job suit you well?
it's a good thing to donate your clothes.
wait! give me that rice cake or i'll eat you!
yes, have a good time every day.
so all i have to do is replace it.
and i can get the translation by scanning the qr code?
you can hear the pump working.
you should buy a card if you need it.
you can use the washing machine if you need to do some laundry.
a mother's existence itself is important.
i thought that she was great.
the person that i like most is #ooo#.
i often have a nosebleed because of the dry weather.
isn't it too small for your mother to use?
contact me if someone visits.
woman is waiting to pay.
i hope you will give birth to a healthy baby.
i've got some things that my friend doesn't use.
she told me she'd call me after checking it.
there is no data about the area we're searching for.
there is the future because the present exits.
please recommend an exercise for husband and wife.
the wi-fi that we use is interesting.
the luminous sand we use is safe.
what does a house mean to us?
it doesn't matter that you can't speak english fluently.
it took an hour for us to shop.
we have a fixed route where we exercise.
we are far away to understand each other.
it changes along with the perspectives of ours.
if this is on sale, please tell me the unit price.
if school starts, there is no time for travel.
he runs like a bullet after work.
please keep on watching how it grows up.
would you tell me how to apply?
contact me again after asking him.
thinking that way makes your life more simple.
this music comes out when you call me.
i understood how to use it like that.
there are only a few gaps when we think about it another way.
there's a reason to do this.
i appreciate your kindness.
also, the operation costs a lot.
i am ashamed to be with you.
i want to make a call to you but i will restrain myself.
we had conversations several times regarding this issue.
i once had a nosebleed while i played a game with my brother.
i like to meet people.
i postponed my work to marry you.
they get married earlier compared to the normal of koreans.
when will we finish studying?
i do not want to be uncomfortable with you.
i am so sorry to leave you.
make sure to care for your body well and study hard.
i don't know why i should do that.
please tell me if you want to work.
but it was good weather for swimming.
but it was too hard to take the top place.
everybody can do bad things and make mistakes.
i want to go to your office where you work.
i felt comfortable when you were working.
how much is the rent if it is a 2-year contract?
are you praying while playing the piano?
wave is dangerous but sometimes helpful.
our favorite foods are different.
language is important, but i like you.
genius can never surpass the one who strives.
women should be thin and do exercise.
i love playing soccer the best.
originally it's solid, but it changes when the heat is applied.
she is a straightforward and witty friend.
she went to the police to surrender.
she desperately collapsed and was abandoned.
the taste of animals that we like is different.
she is nice but she is scary when she gets mad.
she's diligent and kind to everyone.
she reads a newspaper before she goes to work.
we had a good time talking.
we don't need it for exporting.
we learn english to get a job.
we headed to the beach, as soon as we arrived.
my friend spends lots of time exercising.
we enjoyed a birthday party happily.
we've promised to marry each other.
we ran enthusiastically to win.
we are considering to do a review.
we ran to the store for shopping.
we went straight to the water as we got there.
we want to meet to decide.
we do not need to be sad or disappointed.
the customer, the order "00" you've placed is ready.
i'm not good at both but they are fun.
what kind of problem is there if we apply both of them?
i would like to see you as soon as possible.
i don't understand what you are saying.
however, the thing that cannot be ever imagined happened.
i'm sorry, but i have to sleep.
by the way, i have a question.
but it is going to be good for traveling.
i should become a good person, though learning is important.
result is important but the process is also important.
women should go to the army if necessary.
i had an experience no one ever would have.
the weather is warm and the flowers are starting to bloom.
it was a tough day but it really paid off.
we are more convenient when customers mention precisely.
everyone has feelings about what they like.
people have things they do well and like.
it would be better to buy products on that day.
i will be seeing you soon, i've got to leave.
these are the tasks in kotra.
i was so happy while i was with her.
the tears came out while i was on the phone with my friend.
please offer it as cheap as before.
rather, they blame the teacher.
i think it is better to buy it in size 21.
sorry, my english is not that fluent enough to communicate on the phone.
i'm glad to meet you even if we are talking through the phone.
i may seem strong on the outside but i cry a lot.
i think that working out with a gym ball is effective.
some people communicate with mail.
what time is the flight departing for bale?
i can send immediately after ordering from now on.
i went to the airport to see my mom off.
you can know the result if you register your card.
after solving the problem, complaints have gone.
put everything except the salmon.
should i cancel the payment and order it again?
the problem occurred after changing power.
where should i put the results?
efforts to keep the earth healthy.
they seek freedom and hate restrictions.
if we are to use english, let’s use it correctly.
there are lots of things that make us healthy.
i didn't graduate there, but transferred to another school.
thank you for your help in installation.
it has been a long time since i played the guitar last time.
you can access it if you register the card.
it has been evolving through transformation.
it is hard to overcome the problem.
there's nothing to be afraid of when we're together.
but there are a lot of parts that are difficult to understand.
but i can't make a definite promise.
if you only worry about the dangers, you'll never enjoy anything!
it's enough to just consider it.
then i get frustrated and irritated.
or are you just going to have #sundae#?
let me briefly introduce #gwanghwamoon#.
please write a report on amy.
how many shuttle buses are there a day?
you can save your time by taking 33.
i have got a job that i want to have for the second time.
you cannot certify if you fail this time.
i also know you're actually softer and more gentle than how you seem.
i am going to watch him in this outfit.
the sales department has confirmed the result of the defect negotiation.
i am watching someone connecting the cable.
climbing #hallasan mountain# is a piece of cake.
i could not sleep at all as i was thinking of you.
i feel a little bit uncomfortable chatting here.
i check and process work here.
i will experience, earn money, and go back.
where can i get the ticket to transfer?
i couldn't sleep as i enjoyed the talk too much.
do i get in this line to have the food?
so i am developing a habit of writing notes.
so i gave up and decided to do it tomorrow.
so i felt sorry.
the whole world is covered with white snow.
big boss is smart, funny and mysterious.
i didn't mean to make you sad.
how can i call for a taxi?
do we meet at the subway exit 2 at 4 o' clock?
i am emailing you to report piracy.
it is inefficient even though we do animal experiments.
thank you for your hospitality.
you don’t understand if i speak korean, do you?
what do i need to do to speak korean fluently?
how many players participating in the game?
how many people are working in the factory?
i will tell her to call you.
i will go to pick you up when you arrive at #cheonan#.
because you're the one who is going to be regretful?
you are the first one to complain about the price.
can you let me know when you get to the room bar?
don't lose hope in failure but rise again.
i'm not doing it regularly.
i'm looking for a horizontal bar that can be installed at a chink in the door.
do you want me to guide you if you visit korea?
#gagaga# is my former name.
which blanket is for summer?
i had a class in the morning and i am at home now.
i gave that rounding because it looked more comfortable.
refer to the documents that i have sent earlier.
the next station is #incheon# station.
it does not matter because it is calculated at the beginning of the year.
there is no one in the cafe i am working at.
please make them practice speaking.
ever since i've entered the university, i have many occasions that cost money.
many people are good at that place.
the engineer who attends the conference is changed.
recently i have a crush on someone.
i can connect to #kakaotalk# after arriving in korea.
dear teacher #hyewon jeong#, who will get married this time.
i am sorry i could not congratulate you in hong kong.
is there any bus plan that leaves in the afternoon?
i tried harder to meet expectations.
if i park a car on the road, is there a parking fee?
it is hard to get used to here.
if your skin is too sensitive, please use a smaller portion.
please refer to your work and response.
i wonder why he didn't call.
i got rid of stress while talking with my friend.
it was a nightmare to talk to her.
if i talk to her, i may argue with her.
where should i go to register my kid to the kindergarten?
i'll buy it if you really want.
how do you want to live after the marriage?
consume various kinds of food instead of narrowing down your preferences.
you look busy studying.
you came at the wrong time.
actually, i have not yet decided which job i want to do.
people sometimes make unfair judgments.
don't you have sexy photos?
this is a singing turtle toy.
eric loves to dance and sing.
they are sometimes late or absent.
they dance fancifully along the tempo.
they have safe and plentiful cultures there.
the weather is good for a walk today.
the clerk refunded the clothes kindly.
do you have any food in your mind after work?
i can understand it roughly but not perfectly.
because you now have a woman you love.
what did you do after being absent from the office yesterday?
what do you think when you are drunk?
it is the only thing that is uncontrollable.
do you need to live with your friends?
they have a safe and plentiful cultures there.
i was not betrayed by my efforts and i was pleased.
it was quiet and clean, so it was good.
it's better to be heated up before eating.
how long does it take to cook ramen?
i succeeded in the process of overcoming the drawbacks.
i will delete my account and register a new one.
i went to the station to accomplish the mission.
i want to spend the end of the year with you whom l love.
i want my ticket exchanged and the luggage sent.
divide the floor plan and deliver it again, please.
your face will glow when you use it.
you've got points for correcting.
i smile whenever i'm thinking about you.
you should love animals.
you can enjoy with your pet.
could you come back after enjoying the picture?
i think you did not understand what i'd said.
i sold goods for fundraising.
should we go ahead and make reservations, not including them?
we cancel the contract and directly make a payment.
i have made the payment after considering this.
i like that place and friends are also there too.
i love you and there is no end.
i like traveling but i am living in korea.
you can get to the exchange shop if you click the gem.
i have been changed a lot since i started doing art.
the mind of considering others is beautiful.
it cannot be a device to protect women.
check the schedule and report to me.
i use english for traveling abroad.
keep walking if you are passing a hell.
the quantity is not enough to operate the system.
when does it get delivered if i order feathers?
it costs more to modify it.
i did my homework for the institute after playing games.
a cellular phone was used to explain it.
what can i do to seduce you?
what tests do you run after taking blood?
what should i do to set it up?
are there other men who like you?
there seems to be no problem to use anything.
it seems like he is not adapting well.
you have to hurry if you want to cancel your reservation.
it will calm down your mind.
it was an attack without heroes.
we measure it with it.
my love for you is always the same.
it's been hard to go there.
i would like to see you working out as well.
i want your fast and sincere response.
i purchased the system which customers requested.
which one is your favorite thing?
why your attendance time is so different?
i will make it easier to be understood by audiences.
i will be sad if you don't exist.
i wish the day comes as soon as possible.
i was also happy from seeing them happy.
i have got a call that this is needed.
i am glad that you are safe.
who do you think is the experienced one?
send a message to me after thinking.
contact me through email if this is possible.
don't you think it is strange?
don't you think it's wise?
call 112 when you need help.
make sure the product to be delivered safely.
write about the things you like.
bring the sauce you like.
i hope the building doesn't collapse.
i hope you don't give up.
the item they are thinking of is apples.
there is a construction plan during your stay.
when the symptom occurs, it says it keeps coming out.
she is a fan of your radio program.
the process is not uncomplicated.
your voice is beautiful when you explain.
please reply if the reservation is possible.
the traffic was complicated and disordered.
i envy the people you love.
the employees were kind and the food was great.
you will look stunning when you exercise.
i did not want my family to be sad.
playing games has a positive impact on studying.
i am even more sorry if you explain it.
what is your thought about senior life?
it seems you especially liked it.
if it is possible, please reply.
we've purchased the system that the customer requested.
if you wish to know the contents, may i translate it?
it is such a blessing for us if you get pregnant.
i will check if you need a reservation.
if the pickup service is available, i want to use it.
my husband's presentation was impressive.
is it manila where you live?
if you are tired, we can do it next time.
in your thought, am i charming?
i guess this went with it when i cleaned up.
it is way more different than your thought.
it's not like i wanted to do something.
it's when the customer shows a happy face.
i am a 21-year-old male who tries to start carpentry works.
is it serious if it's shipped next week?
who is going to verify according to this book?
i need a subway map of osaka.
i was going to ask you to go to darling harbor.
you are not going to ask me to marry, are you?
that appearance explains why she is one of the best actresses.
i was looking for how to open a line for my cell phone.
why are you giving so many excuses rather than just replying?
i will make you happy, not tired.
i want to talk to you casually.
i apologize for the hustle request.
i will challenge to study steadily.
i think that it is very nice and clean.
working out regularly is very important.
with my full respect, thank you and love you.
there is no particular favorite fast food restaurant.
if you study hard, you probably get a good result.
have you ever swapped spouses?
it's easier to type.
americans seem to like camping.
why didn't you just tell me that you needed some money?
all is that i needed so that i will use it well.
i gave it to you to use it whenever you need.
when will i go to the philippines to see you?
when we meet a person who needs ours?
i'd like to know the specification of the black pencil lead.
what is the fee for the school administration?
a skirt is one of the most needed items.
i want to eat filipino food for the last time.
how long does it take from here to #ann-field#?
the filipinas who have gone to korea are happy.
this is not a necessary cosmetic.
your profile makes me happy.
if you need more time, let me know.
i've never been to the philippines.
she avenged on him for cheating on her.
my brother doesn't have a philippine driving license.
there's an hour of time difference between korea and the philippines.
there is a member of the national assembly who is from the philippines in korea.
drinks will be on me when i visit the philippines later.
the phillippines helped korea before.
how long are you going to stay in the philippines?
weren't you born in the philippines?
this place is an hour faster than the philippines.
when do you want to go to the philippines?
today, i had an appointment with my filipino friend.
south korea has an hour earlier timeline than the philippines.
is it possible to know who picks him up?
we want to prepare the olympic in advance.
i'm also watching the olympic games today.
i'm watching the olympic games on television.
i was so tired but funny.
i will keep having the piano in my custody.
i was too tired today so i have been lazy.
i woke up now because i was so tired yesterday.
you should go to bed early because it's not good for your skin if you go to bed late.
you are too tired to stay up all night.
i read #shakespeare#'s #crime and punishment#.
for example, there're dodge ball, badminton, etc.
i played dodge ball today, and it was fun.
people are working for the recovery of damage.
i'm very tired today, so i'm going to go to bed now.
i'm tired today, so i want to sleep alone.
i've got some snacks at the piano academy today.
i couldn't contact you because i was too tired.
i can not drink alcohol because i'm so tired these days.
i am so tired that i am sleepy all the time.
i am practicing the piano now.
it looks very damaged by the earthquake in bohol, but are you fine?
pizza and pasta are famous in italy.
but if you are tired, we can talk later.
isn't the boy playing the piano?
i really wanted to have a cup of coffee with you.
ginger tea and cinnamon tea are complimentary.
my uncle bought a pizza and chicken for me.
liverpool fc has won #the champions league#.
we have only a few team players.
so i called #homeplus#.
would you send us the sample?
i'll send the sample to you after two weeks.
it is okay to be the same height as the first given sample.
please send me the sample which was counseled earlier.
i wish everyone to be happy without getting hurt.
we are planning to open a restaurant.
i work in the catering franchise company.
i want to go to #the ifc mall#.
i was born in frankfurt, germany.
first, explain the program.
i'm doing the coding right now.
i am just seeing your profile.
i have never used #skype# before.
there's a rule to get a higher rank profile.
what is the subject of your project?
i am traveling to paris, france.
he told me it was homework for the second camp.
move my bag to the front of the front desk.
besides, i will get the lifeguard license.
this function only supports in premium models.
a man is giving a presentation.
this song is famous for proposal songs.
i feel bad because my mom is sick.
my grandmother got sick and hospitalized.
i think i should take care of my parents if they are sick.
professor, do i need to get all these documents?
please tell the teacher that i'm sick.
may you guys to be healthy and live to fight another day.
and then where is your wife now?
my best friend's name is #seonmin#.
your profile photo of facebook is sexy.
golf gives us happiness.
is softball a popular event in korea?
is this the train bound to praha?
do you like my profile picture?
out of those countries, i want to visit france the most.
i've learned french a little at high school.
oh my, my computer has just shut down.
two of these computers are not installed.
it will be more special for korean food if it is a fusion.
i cannot study with the computer yet.
my eyes hurt because i've worked with my computer all day long.
fall foliage is the first thing come to my mind in autumn.
#dabao# is never affected by typhoons.
please send me a photo of malaysia's scenery.
korean people eat #gimbap#(rice rolls with seaweed) when they go on a picnic.
it seems typhoons often come to the philippines.
i heard about the storm in the philippines.
i heard that many people were damaged by a hurricane disaster in the philippines.
i heard that the typhoon attacked the philippines, are you alright?
can i use this product from now on?
please put off the product.
i don't wear many accessories.
and his works are big.
can't wear extensible products.
we are preparing the delivery of your products.
the complete product must be assembled there.
you check and order products there.
you may send the component here.
you seem to fit in my chest.
what did they buy from the grocery?
is korean cosmetics famous there?
let me know the picture or the product name.
what are examples of innovative products?
the product that you've ordered is prepared.
however, i couldn't finish the work.
this balloon work was made of glass.
have you ever supplied any product to the olympics?
here is the quotation for your order.
i hope you don't do more plastic surgeries on your eyes from now on.
i will give a reply to solve this problem.
this cloth has lots of fluffs.
it will be appreciated if you release the account suspension.
please drop me off across #carrefour#.
i wrote a parent letter on the report card.
i made my life goal when i was in middle school.
this is not enough to expression about me.
i hope you reserve a train ticket for me.
please give me the round train tickets and the city round tickets.
what if i can't get the train ticket?
the representative of hwpl has to participate in the meeting.
you're worried about the two aims.
i have never had any disputes over my brand.
i bought the wrong ticket on the internet.
it's going to be better to smile when presenting.
express someone, but do not exaggerate.
we have marked in red for your information.
does german use a period at the end of the sentence?
give #su-bin# a lot of chances to present.
i couldn't reach the target for march.
it doesn't matter what kind of goal it is, it's always better to have at least a goal.
how many faults have you done during driving?
my hobby is taking pictures using a polaroid.
i use my smartphone all day long.
i think smartphones are useful.
the smartphone has already taken over our species.
he often loses his phone and wallet.
also, there is a worry that you will lose your cell phone.
why do you think smartphones are important?
have you been playing the game with this smartphone?
can i use the coupon for breakfast?
please leave my phone number on the box.
customers use their iphones in #pyeongtaek#.
who will you give the cell phone to?
are you going to charge your cell phone?
let me use your cellphone for a moment.
when are you going to repair your cell phone?
i hope you have a cellphone soon.
i was shocked by his violent temper.
i want to get a bag with books inside.
i placed it on the desk after packing.
confirm which airport it will be sent to.
there is a fishing village in #jung-gu#, #incheon#.
today i used this report for the first time.
each moment i write it on the #post-it#.
you can taste #myeongsuk galbi# and #po samgyeopsal#.
do you have any preferred style for the gift wrapping.
it is the scenery of jeju island #moseulpo minatooki#.
so how much is for total including a guide tip?
i will use #durban# for the port.
so i can post automatically.
i am thinking about going to singapore again next year.
do you have enough sports facilities in the u.s.?
a korean forwarding company would contact on monday.
i don't think i can receive the photobook on friday.
does this code need to be included?
please tell me that this item is included.
you have to change and use the country's money.
i believe he usually does well.
my family is well just as usual.
she won a large-sized apartment.
what's the evaluation process of this class?
when should you come back to #pyeongtaek#?
there is a large area called #bupyeong# in incheon.
don't fight, and i hope to keep the peace.
i want you to feel free to study.
last night, my husband has been delivered to the emergency room.
sorry for not sending you letters during the semester.
i can rest well.
i just want you to have it with no burden.
please ignore the letters that i've sent yesterday.
are you taking selfies alone in a convenient store?
i didn't get your letter yet.
i am expecting your letter and curious about it.
he's acting spoilt because you make him comfy.
the letter my friend wrote has just arrived for me.
it is getting the letter which was sent to me.
please, ask her to pray for a husband.
these shoes look so comfortable.
mail or post mail will not be sent.
my husband went to work on saturday.
i would be grateful if you notify me of the specification of the adapter.
i suggested going dutch.
i like dutch coffee in that coffee shop.
the survey page is unavailable at the moment.
yeah, i deleted my account before.
it offers nutella crepes, coffee, and more.
sparta and persia were fighting.
do you think that it's on page 8?
you could mail, facebook, or call me.
the first floor is a coffee shop and the second floor is a studio.
it must be hard even for trampoline.
i put on a goose down a jumper and an apron.
should be prepared also with water and slippers.
please prepare for lots of robes and slippers.
then could you give me an offer immediately?
please get two slippers to the room.
is the language school on the campus?
and make a fried egg with another frying pan.
how can i find a place to get an inspection?
it is at the end phase of product packing.
i want to buy an ipad air.
you buy it because you're interested in my fashion.
i want to meet you again as soon as possible.
your daughter doesn't have a bracelet.
and i hugged my dad hard with my two arms.
you can take the bracelet after making it.
what do the street vendors sell?
as a dessert, we drank milk from buffalos.
check my sales conditions again.
it's the judge's authority to make decisions on the ball.
i don't know how to sell stuff.
i am waiting in front of the sign 1.
the referee's judgment was so disappointing.
the referee's judgment was such a disappointment.
i will talk to my business partner.
a tv program starring old men traveling in paris.
yes, it is placed right in front of central park station.
also, your partner's product quality is bad.
i'm sorry that i can't go to the graduation party with you.
i do not have the original file right now.
today's dance party was the best.
i can get you a police partner.
i always asked for the partner's consent.
i am going to throw a party tomorrow.
i am thinking of preparing a halloween party.
he doesn't like blue color in fact.
my dream is to become a patissier.
my car was leaking the power oil.
is your house located in the center of paris?
to tell the truth, i don't like blue color.
the doctor assigned a date of ultrasonography.
where do they sell the sweet and sour chicken?
the word made with three alphabets.
step 1: thickly chop an onion and a bell pepper.
is there any shop near the park?
we also don't know the wifi password.
i got into a restaurant because i was hungry.
from now on, please do packaging on pallets.
is it free to use wifi in the room?
i watched a movie sitting on a sofa in the living room.
i was sick and ate nothing today.
the united states had a home party culture developed.
did you use these files?
it doesn't match between the plate and pipe.
i've been to the hospital on saturday because i was sick.
i couldn't attend on monday because i was ill.
i am sorry, i attached the wrong file.
what time does the figure skating broadcasting start?
the meeting will be held tomorrow afternoon as scheduled.
they started their relationship from a blind date.
i am working in the marketing department of a cosmetic company.
i'm preparing for her tip.
i want to learn his teamwork too.
let me introduce the director of our team.
our team is also well suited for teamwork.
the south korea soccer team is defeated by the iraq team.
i would have to ask another team over there.
we have received a request from the production team.
he led the soccer team to the quarterfinals.
my team ranked at the second out of five teams.
first of all, they belong to a different team and country.
do you like a romantic guy?
i wear a solid-colored shirt and a pair of jeans.
i really want to meet steve jobs.
don't get your ticket stamped tomorrow morning.
i would like to make a reservation for the ticket for the volley ball game.
where is the booth for ez-link tickets?
i've downloaded this sticker.
i will not go to the party.
funny emoticons for free!
we want this ticket to be terminated.
i have made a negative feedback on purpose.
is it possible to make a mold in the negative?
that's why i couldn't get the ppt done.
you must not lose the ticket.
i have got your sticker file.
we were contacted by tina from a capital.
therefore i am not able to join the party.
why do you always contact me only when a party comes up?
i thought you are leaving two days later.
please correct my grammar as soon as it is wrong.
i hope my opinion is wrong.
well, i don’t need anything that much.
that flower has a unique scent.
you have to keep your distinctive personality.
the characteristic of this desert is that it rains a lot.
explain the features of this product and its pros and cons.
i went skating with friends.
i will lose my weight by going on a diet.
i want to know the local tracking number.
i went to see an orchestra concert.
your agency was confused with the lines.
yes, i was on dartslive tv.
i regret not going on a diet.
first, you need to choose from the website.
i've passed the orchestra audition.
i played skateboarding.
i'll check if he's finished with the project.
there is no change in the amount of my account.
i've been on a diet but it is too hard.
i have contacted my agent.
what is the progress status of our project?
thank you for participating in the project meeting today.
we are talking about the #yeongwa contest#.
he majored in engineering in kaist.
is it related to the hyundai project?
would i be able to succeed in losing weight?
i think the sensor is being blocked by the mount.
my friend asks me to go to a concert together.
we tested it and there are some differences.
both two networks are not in use.
is there anyone who asks you for a date?
also, could you tell me the best possible due date for payment?
then, they buy and eat some fruit.
record your photo with the date expense!
#gyeongju# is a nice place to have a date.
she does not suit him as a good match.
she spends money while on a date.
she is going out for a date.
we decided to take the test tomorrow.
we carried out the test several times.
we will have a party with costco's executives.
my mom is not used to using a smartphone.
please use a softer fabric.
can i still get the test?
wash your hair with the enclosed treatment.
why did you send the print yard again?
the hairband has a mint colored ribbon.
the motive harmonized mint and white.
how can i buy a resort?
where can i buy a gift card?
instead, keep making progress for the test.
the guest will come here to find it.
please write down your comment on the paper.
i have a part-time job these days.
samsung is developing it as a trial.
please pack with three pallets.
i will check according to your comments.
i appreciate your support very much.
what time did they go on a date?
you need some training period for a few days.
isn't there any file related to the first test?
there are no men who ask for a date with you.
i heard you can be a tutor.
i have eaten fried insects before.
i don't want it to be a big fight.
where can i ride #tuktuk#?
why don’t you feel sorry for the accent?
i loved this coat so much.
please use the cloakroom service at the airport.
is there any charged city tour program?
i have a lot of sweatshirts and hoodies.
can i do a tour on the island?
i have five years left until regular retirement.
you and i are on the same wavelength.
i prefer a chubby style.
i'm #ooo# and we've talked on the phone just before now.
i have informed you just before now by phone.
i hope to reunify as soon as possible.
i am drowsing, waiting for the letter of acceptance.
it's nice to talk to you on the phone for the first time.
it's not important that we can't communicate with each other.
i watched a movie during class.
it is a korean traditional food, it is yummy.
we are expecting some turbulence along the way.
i have got a higher taxi fare than usual.
i will go with an interpreter at that time.
you have to get a painkiller at the pharmacy.
sometimes i drink a whole bottle of it.
the interpreter translates at the school.
what kind of activity do you usually do in the park?
aren't you a student of the international trade division?
i am going to be a little late because of the heavy weekend traffic.
koreans traditionally put importance on education.
i think it is the absence of communication with the person in charge.
i could recover from fatigue through the chuseok holiday.
what can i learn from this course?
many things can be done by a smartphone.
cuticle is the dead skins under the nails.
and i am living in boston.
i will frequently send kakaotalk messages.
i think it will be kakaotalk.
can i call you by kakaotalk call?
i can send you my photos on kakaotalk.
i want to just cancel saturday.
i met scarlet last saturday.
i had toast and coffee yesterday.
i have been to seoul last saturday.
i have also joined the debate club.
my brother’s house is on young street, toronto.
i am also having a hard time studying for toeic these days.
the discussion will be registered after the approval of the supervisor.
it is hard for us to find the history.
please examine the information above and send me a response.
please give us more time to check.
i am going to register for each platform's app stores.
i will introduce to you spain's tomato festival.
i was bored so i posted it after modifying in photoshop.
could you show me its item code?
the following items are not applicable.
i think the problem is in the e-bay system.
i only used that hotel.
i'd like to check out of this hotel.
there were wolves on television in the video.
incheon royal hotel appears to be alright.
i am going to have an interview for a hotel tomorrow.
how do i get to the can deo hotel?
where is the connected road of four seasons hotel?
please tell her that she should come to the hotel.
there are lodging houses, hotels, pensions and so on.
i think i would need to book a hotel in seogwipo.
visit the sns and contents menu!
how should i ask the airport's official?
i will send photos to my boyfriend.
i want to know the result of the apple test.
i will explain, show me the script.
have you ever been cheated by korean?
you should not take a picture of your friend.
i told dad to send a reply.
watch how i do to customers.
can i call you frequently?
don't tell your family about me.
can i have an interview with you?
i made all the themes by the phone only.
i'm learning much from mingyu.
only i seem to contact you.
i'll take it over so sit back and relax, dad.
tell your friend that i was sorry.
i gave my friend a pencil as a gift.
please tell the korean to call me.
please ask for a favor to your boss one more time.
i clicked only three tables yesterday.
i also want to get a car from my husband as a gift.
i am going to play tennis now.
thank you for coming back to us.
it was a mistake that i told sarah.
i'm here to take a bank statement.
he told me i can take it from you.
do koreans smell like garlic?
he was so good at the presentation.
it is true that i told you.
it's 196 technopark road, yeonsu, incheon.
somebody said that he will call me.
and, the person who gave me the candy is a woman.
she relieves her spinster's hysteria only through eating.
she didn't give me 9 dollars.
but there were no clothes that look good on me.
i'm still all about you.
because you didn't give it to me first.
from now on, prepare after asking to me.
please do not send letters anymore.
and i will write you a letter in english
you owe me an icecream.
sometimes, give me your time.
tell that banker to keep the money quickly.
they use the internet until noon.
you didn't give me nine dollars.
you said you could not speak english.
you can get from an eraser to a tumbler.
i rarely have hair.
i want to start a badminton club.
i play badminton or go to the gym.
why should i pay for the return fee?
how about changing a pattern from today?
i am a student for an internship from korea.
i think that the united states is similar to washington.
i've wanted to be an office worker all the time.
i've been serving in the air force since last february.
i should go out to work from now on.
i should think about it again after lunch.
i started to get very interested in baseball since that day.
a turkish friend will come to korea next month.
can i start with other examinations?
can you make it 30 centimeters?
i'm on vacation for 5 days from today.
i looked over this website.
i liked the cars since i was young.
i am listening to the story of the narrator.
i had to train before that.
please keep in mind this from the next order.
the moving company will help me moving.
i am going to choongang univ from next year.
i am going to transfer this call to a person in charge.
he had a fever and vomited.
it gets a little bit messy from 5 am.
he will be on vacation from tomorrow for 5 days.
he has been waiting for his mother since yesterday.
it is open from 5 pm to 1 am.
oh! you've got a hamster friend.
it has been broadcasted since 2005.
a woman is working on a computer.
thank you for the data you've sent.
and i will get a computer certificate.
the computer suddenly shut down and is not turning on.
i've owned a horse since i was born.
he/she had malformed rib bone since birth.
i have taken blood pressure pills for about 2 years.
she is surprised while she is working on the computer.
don't eat too much #ddeokguk# though it's new year's day!
it took a year to master english.
go to the last counter and ask.
i get a prize from a diversity culture center.
most of all i'm using the internet well.
i have been living since i'm 9.
i spent time with my daughter at the playground in front of my home.
i will send you an email again later with my computer.
there was a problem sending the data in the morning.
go with me if there is a car repair shop nearby.
i will pay the rate by mastercard.
this is the song that has come down from the past.
they have to manage data.
i have been interested in physical activities since i was young.
i've been interested in cooking since i was young.
i've been interested in a voice actor since i was very young.
i have hated fruits since i was a child.
i have been eating before sleep since i was a kid.
i am used to it because i have done it since i was young.
your sister lives with you.
i've wanted to eat abalone rice porridge since few days ago.
have you coughed and had a fever for 3 days?
it was an appointment that has been set a week ago.
it is failed to send image data.
secondly, it is because computer games are enjoyable.
i had many things to learn from this friend.
there is a thing called a touch lamp in my bedroom.
can i request some test data for this?
i used all the battery of my phone.
when you touch the screen, one-eyed monster jumps.
i will just go to the resort riding a taxi.
yes, it doesn't matter.
i need a cab service to the airport.
i'll send you my tool by ems delivery tomorrow.
is it okay if i take a taxi together with you?
where is the taxi stop near here?
i requested the customer to make a choice.
help to cultivate healthy and prosperous skin.
now, my condition is exuberant.
i want to know about the situation in thailand now.
you took a trip to thailand before long, right?
i have been waiting for my sun for 35 years.
i had a taekwondo test today.
i examined the taekwondo band today.
he gives me a lot of advice.
this food is thai.
i thank god for being born korean.
can i know about the condition of my womb?
who's that handsome taekwondo player?
it's been a year since my nephew was born.
you can enjoy #aguijjim#(steamed anglerfish) and braised pollack.
i coincidently saw you through hash-tags and thought you are really pretty.
my mother boiled #samgyetang#(korean traditional chicken soup) deliciously.
my parents do not allow me to eat sweets.
a bold design based on technology.
among them, i want to go to the eiffel tower the most.
park tae-hwan dropped tears in the fitting room.
i hope there is a picture of crystal.
please quote for the following activated carbon.
can i cancel what i asked mom?
i work for #the korea tire#.
i uploaded it just for fun because it was tanned too much.
i took the eurostar to get to france.
i saw your picture on instagram.
i'm going to meet my friend by train.
i'll promptly go to macao by ferry.
i just took a boat and looked around the sea.
i have a lot of pink ties.
i have been in jakarta and bali.
there is not enough time to ride them.
the other person in my memory hurts me.
the transportation that i use a lot is,
the pictures that i've uploaded to my instagram.
shall we go saturday dawn by the korean air?
no, i would like to ride but i have no time.
it takes about 3 hours even if i take the fastest train.
if i could have a time machine,
we can practice taking the bus tomorrow too.
both domestic and international companies disregard us.
the train goes through alberta edmonton.
my daughter read the letter she wrote for santa.
i'm unsure of transferring the bus.
this statement can be applied to the timeline.
we also took a train after taking an express bus.
i went up to the mountain pick by cable car.
my younger sister wants to be a guitarist.
you have to wear these shoes tightly.
there is a sad story.
are you at incheon to watch sepak takraw?
this is a toy ship called titanic.
and you mentioned that the lead time was 4 weeks.
i made this food called takoyaki with octopus.
hojin likes playing the guitar.
the advertisement for a blind meeting targeted for workers.
but i can not find the tracking information.
give us opportunities to satisfy you.
when i finished a marathon of 10km.
however, it can see only 1km.
how much is 1kg of lobster?
i'd like to have two hamburgers and chicken burgers each.
there's only half the chicken here.
the attitude of breaking promise is unforgivable.
korean's love for chicken is quite amazing.
how can i get to the hilton waikiki hotel?
you should be an early bird to grow pets.
i tried to make him join, but was rejected.
i played at the kids' cafe yesterday.
we rode ski and snowboard on the following day.
i think the facilities of the kids' cafe weren't good.
princess and pinki are with farther.
you don't drink too much whiskey.
because i can ski.
i know people who are as nice as you.
i have strong points as much as a shortcoming.
there's not enough cotton to block the bleeding; what do i do?
i also want to be an old man or an old lady to stay seated.
i don't like him as much as i used to.
i'm not as good as you in english.
i know how much you love me.
can i videotape today's master class?
i fell at hongdae club stairs yesterday.
i am about to enroll in an english class.
hercules will help him later.
my friend isn't quite used to club culture.
what is the difference between running targets and clay?
i wonder if i could take this gorgeous luck.
b seems to be big a bit, but it's not bad.
i have the biggest two goals.
he flies the biggest paper plane.
it was #chuseok#, korean thanksgiving day.
that trip granted me great happiness.
i want to eat out at the steak house.
i'll buy a gallon of ice cream.
i got a christmas gift yesterday.
where do i check-in for the club room?
i also want to meet christina as soon as possible.
i appreciate your christmas present for me.
he bought ice cream for us.
he almost has a perfect network.
he's tall, handsome, and humorous.
why is the color different despite using the same ink?
a movie theater is good because the screen is big.
but, it is difficult to find peace in iraq.
the delicious cake is for my birthday.
did the mother use her mask pack?
i ate a good cake and took some pictures.
we are looking for numerous creators.
i am still studying makeup nowaday.
i want to spend christmas in finland.
milk crape cake is their signature menu.
the product is perfect for daily facial masks.
most junk food is oily.
i think you have to wear a bigger size.
please check at the reception desk.
there is a diving pool in songdo sportspark, right?
how's the relationship between russia and ukraine?
please send me tatiyana fork and spoon.
there was a christmas party at the hotel.
because i am checking in the company.
what are minsoo and mike doing?
that looks as if you've put whipped cream on top of the house.
how tall are you?
we threw a christmas party at my friend's house.
you don't need a touch screen necessarily, do you?
my dark circles are incredibly bad because i'm tired.
we ate barbeque and drank beer.
please take me to the quest hotel near the airport.
too bad that you can't use your free drink coupon.
i also want to visit the articus music hall.
confirm the coupon code on email.
we sell banquet noodles, cold bean-soup noodles, etc.
in baekryeong-do island, we can find kong-dol beach.
it can be exported to hong kong from korea.
ade can be refilled by coke.
can i add chocolate in the mini-bar?
i drank too much alcohol yesterday.
did you decide whom to give chocolate to?
i really like gag concert.
stop using this emoticon.
this book is about a popcorn store.
i would like to see you in the coat.
the theme of this program is the direction guidance for coding education in korea.
send the standard with the coil.
when i went, i used an economy class.
eva could never be human.
drop off a course from here.
in those days, the time of coding can be tracked, too.
which city do you live in morocco?
where exactly do you live in mexico?
they made a trip to cancun, mexico.
i definitely have to go home today
what city in morocco are you living in?
it is okay if you use that code.
i want to eat chocolate cake now.
we can't say anything about figure without her!
but looking back on it, i guess you were right.
oh, is your ticket damaged?
have you ever played cricket?
i read the book, helen keller.
i want to eat a cake today.
i like the cheesecake only a little.
which cheesecake is the most famous?
please check the changed schedule.
you can check the july schedule early in june.
i've ordered a skateboard about 2 weeks ago.
in broadcasting, people learn marketing, advertisement, and public relations.
what is the male of this bird called?
7. how do you go to seoul world-cup stadium?
now, my computer did a backup.
after getting home, i turned the television on.
5 seats are which the computer is insufficient.
please change the language of my dad's computer into korean.
i always had to find a computer.
i'm a freshman at suwon science university who is majoring in computer information.
plus i will let you know local famous restaurants near our guest house.
there were escalators and trims around everywhere.
already all the container has been booked.
cheer up and keep in shape well.
do you know about the china convention industry?
my condition got very bad now.
and the air conditioner isn't working.
from now on, we will pay for using the air conditioner instantly.
i was pleased with the air conditioner at home.
when wearing jeans, canvas shoes suit you.
i want to hang out with my friend and get a cup of coffee.
where is a coffee shop near here?
check the fuel pump connector pin overheated.
the strong scent of the hand-dripped coffee is nice.
i drank mixed coffee a lot these days.
can you have some coffee time with me?
if you like coffee.
can i order the blue mountain coffee?
coming out in korea is impossible.
in korea, coffee prices have to be reduced.
i mostly use it when i go camping.
how's the atmosphere at the hobit land camping spot?
it's the picture of the camping spot.
how do you like camp life in the united states?
are there many people camping in korea?
the second is the canadian natives.
the christmas carol is playing all around.
we are not going to kalibo tonight.
the man inscribed the word on the tree by a knife.
i will message you by kakaotalk after watching the movie.
i will send you the newest catalog.
getting into qatar airline for example.
i pay the costs with a personal card.
should i only pay by a visa card?
can i call you camal?
which credit card can i use?
when can i get an insurance card?
i agree to use surveillance cameras.
my camera is not in a good state.
younghee asks oscar for a blind date.
the post office doesn't send a card.
i visited your kakaostory.
excuse me, do you have id for kakaotalk?
my son got accepted to katusa.
many koreans use the kakaotalk.
can i pay by credit card for the parking fee?
that is the cheapest coffee in this coffee shop.
first, talk to us on the phone or skype.
where can i buy a mobile sim card?
please input the whole 12 numbers of the card number.
i have not been to a casino recently.
is kakaotalk installed on the cellphone?
i used to do stretching every day.
i'm happy to have my bed.
8. i was sad because there was no bed in the room.
i woke up, had breakfast and went to work.
it will be tired for you to go to work tomorrow.
parents start the day early in the morning.
this gathering is for sharing friendship.
from the next morning, learn about housekeeping.
so, the bedroom is always dark.
don't you go to the restaurant in the morning in korea?
the needle of the earring is made of silver.
there are a bed and a piano in the house.
you should not scribble or spit.
i don't want to get stressed in the morning.
a lot of things happened to me during the recent few days.
how long can i drink this water for?
i was so appreciated for my friends.
i wanted to add you to my friend first.
i worked and talked to my friend.
nowadays, i am just thinking of you like a mad man.
i would like you to be my friend!
i want to be your friends as always.
i went to my friend's father's funeral yesterday.
i went to the movie with my girlfriend.
i went to the east sea with my friends.
i went to my son's friends' birthday party.
i will contact you if i find the other friend.
your behavior is getting rude as we become closer.
your girlfriend works near here.
would you be my girlfriend?
actually, i like playing with friends too.
i think my old friend is a book.
i was thinking about what to do with my boyfriend.
his girlfriend came as a guest.
i sent gifts to the relatives i know.
i sometimes help my friend's work.
most of my female friends are princesses.
yesterday i went shopping with my friend
yesterday i waited for my friend for an hour.
yesterday, i worked out with my friends.
perhaps i can see other friend's picture.
first, ask for help from your korean friend.
two days ago a friend pushed me so i fell.
i only get flowers from my boyfriend.
people were kind and the street was clean.
can i meet your friends today?
wonder if your girlfriend is sleeping with you.
i met my boyfriend in the summer.
i'm helping my friend's works at the moment.
i'm having dinner with my hometown friend.
i'm sad that i couldn't get to know you more.
i liked him more than his friend.
i knew them because kids were friends with each other.
i have a photo of another foreign friend.
i hope that you would be happy with boyfriend.
she is talking to her boyfriend who has just come.
there are five closest friends of mine.
there are nurses among my korean friends, too.
i envy your future boyfriend.
does your girlfriend like tanning?
these days i only think about you like a crazy person.
today, i was supposed to play with friends.
today i got peperos from my girlfriend.
i don't have any foreign friends.
i do a lot of gatherings with my friends.
i do this for my friend.
today i went to the gaming room with my friends.
receive a present from a british boyfriend.
because i met my friends late.
i came to the place where my friend works.
my friend and i swam in the river.
i am interrupted because of too many friends.
i am so glad to meet an arabian friend.
he/she thinks i and my friends as strange people.
he asked me if i got other friends
my too many friends disturb my studies.
my friend's girlfriend speaks chinese well.
my friend's girlfriend is filipino.
my best friend lives in suwon.
my best friend is yongsik lee.
my girlfriend is pretty and smart.
my best friend's husband passed away.
my boyfriend and i have been in a relationship for 200 days.
my boyfriend is handsome and kind.
to say like that is for friendly relations.
my german friend proposed.
you are my only girlfriend.
is it for your girlfriend and your mom?
go to seorak mountain with church friends today?
my closest friend resembles me.
my ex-boyfriend gave it to me.
no, i just came to hang out with my girlfriend.
i'm drinking makgeolli with my son and his girlfriend.
it was good to be closer to the family.
she took all my friends from me.
we met at my friend's wedding.
i heard that you have a girlfriend.
i'm so appreciated to teachers and friends.
but i can't cry as i'm mad.
then i'd better laugh as i'm mad.
maybe my friend will call you.
i let you see my brother and my friend.
i'm talking to my friend after work.
finally, friend and i cleaned up.
two crazy men are making a disturbance.
this meeting was made for friendship.
so sorry for all the pains from the injuries.
i think my friend will come here soon.
so, i went to work out with my friend.
my friend's name is eun-bin jang.
good to be a facebook friend.
can i friend you on facebook?
i have only one friend on facebook, and that is you.
please accept the facebook friend request.
i didn't know how to add friends on facebook.
is it one of your facebook friends?
my only foreign friend is you.
you said you want my friend.
do you like the kind woman?
my korean friends are helping me.
i got a gift from a malaysian friend.
my friends came to my house on saturday.
it is being somebody's role model.
i went to the dentist's yesterday.
i'm studying for tomorrow's exam.
i had chicken too much here.
he tried to make sandwiches.
it is my duty to cure patients.
is it a little off to buy the apple watch now?
we sell tenderloin katsu, chicken katsu.
now i can make a speech like this.
could you tell me the result of the research?
this picture is a picture of cheese custody.
ah, but isn't it too hot?
the doctor examined the condition of my teeth.
the beautiful sight was before my eyes.
i will attach the changed sketch estimate for you.
i had eager to teach the child.
it is not only for women.
i want to be a nurse or a kindergarten teacher.
is my birthday party this saturday?
can we have a conversation after we eat?
non-essential value shocks essential value.
hope that this is a song for you.
i like kimchi and bulgogi among them.
there is good food called kimchi in korea.
i did not miss it this time and took a photo of it.
that is right, there are many types of kimchi.
have you ever been to the first birthday party?
do you need swatch in a hurry?
it sells steak, chicken finger, etc.
koreans are very sensitive to talk about politics.
can i get cheese at the convenience market?
my job is protecting people's teeth.
how much does it cost to fix my car?
you might be pickpocketed and molested.
i have requested the person to come down and fix the airconditioning.
how much does it take to fix the computer?
i will tell you when i install on the computer.
i used the translator installed on the phone.
i helped him to get medical care in the philippines.
i want a high floor and a good view.
you just need to go downstairs.
i'm sophia who lives on the 18th floor.
recently, tanning is popular among young people.
she was on the 3rd floor and i was on the 4th floor.
i want to ride in double-decker buses in england.
they are supposed to estimate each floor's property.
you don't have any manners in sport.
i sleep with a comfortable t-shirt and pants on.
abusive use of the drug can turn it into poison.
i knew that he would get his job.
i contact you because of the hotel cancellation.
that's why i'd like to recommend this hobby.
as you see, my hobby is playing soccer.
"never considered djing as a hobby"
ashely, you can be loved enough.
come early to go to work early tomorrow.
i'm sorry that i could not attend due to my work.
i like the job which needs abroad business trip.
i am very busy now to prepare for a business trip.
we haven't decided on the date to depart yet.
i am going to request for two applications soon.
this account was processed as export and import.
my mother is in the emergency room with a brain hemorrhage.
i heard you couldn't make it to work because of the snow.
when is your last time attending the class?
don't open the windows or doors indiscreetly.
the export and import is not much than what i thought.
i will submit the estimate and discuss the details.
it is my fault to go out without bringing cash.
the printing fee for a large size would be nineteen yen.
i am worried about the deadline for delivery.
they said that i got a job which starts next week.
i am sorry but the shipping time is over.
please offer the attendance acknowledgment of two students.
this atm is available for withdrawal only.
i will be waiting for you in chuncheon.
it is possible to eat nutritious food.
i was an mc for the festival of the company.
i went to the united states to play football.
how about playing soccer with me?
you might throw a celebration party tomorrow.
our school football team participated in a tournament.
eventually, i stopped being a soccer player.
i clearly remember the last festival.
thank you for celebrating our wedding anniversary.
may god bless you.
this bus only runs during the festival.
you can find your savings and money in there.
i worked a lot although it was cold today.
only few children are here because it's too cold.
extra meat costs 3,500 won.
i think we need to add more examples.
i saw a movie called "the chaser" yesterday.
i know the girl who's dancing.
i have it as a good memory.
i found the hotel you had recommended to me.
every day i play golf in a cold place.
thank you for making great memories today.
thank you for adding me as a friend.
it is freezing, take care not to get a cold.
you make thanksgiving day so special.
you can add side dishes.
we serve #갈추어탕#, #추어통탕#, etc.
luckily i passed the additional recruitment.
this is a famous place where i really want to recommend.
ddeokbokki is spicy because of the pepper paste.
it is better to add some rules.
we need additional verification for each material.
i try to do my best in terms of my work.
who's the hottest in our school?
can i see your recent photo?
i hope my phone is new.
pill is the best electronics singer.
that building has been built recently.
this is the cheapest cost.
temporary saving is possible maximum 2.
i want to get an education as much as i can.
i'm going to shoot for one month.
i and my cousin had fun together.
how long does it take to get to the folk village?
there is a younger cousin's first birthday party on sunday.
i especially like chocolate snacks.
there are 19 pieces of chocolate on the desk.
please invite me to your chocolate factory.
i can enjoy my meal comfortably with friends.
grilled patagonian toothfish and sushi are served together.
we sell chicken noodle, cold chicken noodle, etc.
this girl eats chocolate cakes.
even when i became an elementary student, i had those nightmares.
we currently do not have any green products in stock.
eating chocolate is good when you are tired.
everyone got tired and went back home.
can i pay in two times?
i have sent a letter to fix the computer.
can i check out at 12?
i'm now on the way back from the gym.
there is a need for realigning a protection support system.
when is the latest time for check-out?
i am humble than arrogant.
that's what i couldn't check.
it should be a call from the enterprise.
notice me the specific address of the place.
i often have meetings with clients in the afternoon.
i do free exercise or stretching.
i'll pay for this later when i check-out.
i think klimt is a magician of color.
if possible, i want to check in earlier.
what is the name of the company that made the reservation?
i never clean my room.
i'm tired after cleaning outside yesterday.
we have received approval from the fda.
i've solved the problem by requesting the security office.
you can see the blue house from there.
please call the housekeeper who has cleaned this morning.
in korea, there is a youth protection law.
we've attached the requested data.
it's been a week since i requested this work.
it takes an hour to get to the school from cheongju.
i'm hungry because i cleaned my house so hard.
you are my first and last woman.
my first lesson is tomorrow, so i'm really nervous.
we lost in the first game.
why is she the first runner?
give me something that nothing is added.
refer to the attached wire transfer list file.
guild tin lock has been added.
we don't have to run in the subway.
we have to pass two more stations by subway.
we went to suwon station by subway.
they are using in-season ingredients in every season.
it shows me the time when buses and subways get in.
they are too loud in the subway.
the place is not far from the entrance of the subway.
is it free to transfer to the metro in the states?
yes, you should go to ara incheon terminal.
today's recommended menu is salmon sashimi.
the wine that the owner recommends is delicious.
i hope you will succeed with this money as a starter.
maid, water is dripping from the room.
are line number 1 and incheon line number 1 different?
homosexuality is not innate and not normal.
i want the ticket to go to incheon from rome.
a million people saw the film in korea.
does this luggage go to incheon airport directly?
it is sleeping pretending to die.
we have a bad relationship with relatives.
it was a very old house.
i was so surprised because this never happened in the past before.
i went to the fitness center near my place.
i'm living by myself near the school.
makguksu restaurant near garisan mountain is popular.
i have never experienced these things, so it is absurd.
i go through this kind of situation for the first time, so i feel appalled now.
i feel embarrassed because this is the first time.
there are many hospitals near my house.
there are a lot of broadcasting stations near my house.
i am shy that i heard it for the first time.
he said he wants to be like james.
he climbed on a table for the first time in his life.
it was the first time i experienced this, so i was flustered.
do you still have the feeling that you had for the first time?
i'm sorry for acting like that to you.
you are my first and last love for me.
but there are a lot of people who are pretty like you.
don't mention it just like you're leaving.
we couldn't connect with the client.
i would like to add your contact number.
i live in uijeongbu near seoul.
i'm wondering if you could handle this by direct shipping.
can you leave your number here?
it didn't happen like a miracle.
thank you for the quick handling of the work.
you guys just can make your bag and come.
keep your diet and take a rest.
that's why i watch this a lot.
she described each chapter with clarity.
the match was that of the champion's league.
i was sad as there wasn't the book which i tried to find.
you have to read many books concerning medicine.
you could borrow only one book.
let us all try our best to read.
let's all build a reading habit.
first i am a very responsible person.
sometimes i like reading books.
which book are we going to use for the next class?
the price is on the back of the book.
he went home after moving the man's book.
the price is different depending on the license policy.
isn't that on the tourist information center guide book?
it was like a village in a fairy tale.
i did not bring the book on thursday.
i want to live growing various kinds of vegetables.
i calculated the estimated accounts receivable.
i had japchae and fried peppers after a long time.
vegetable is better than meat for your health.
please look for it once again.
han is one of my favorite restaurants.
i'm talking while looking up the dictionary.
since i found it, i'll put up the link!
i feel frustrated on days like this.
pay for it later when you come to pick up your clothes.
i'll be there to take my coat.
i would like to learn his creativity.
today, i went to the sea in changwon.
motorcycles don't have a window.
and i want to have a conversation fluently with foreigners.
please give us two seats right next to each other on the window side.
i played golf with my high school alumni.
you are a really good sibling and friend to me, too.
i'm glad to attend the workshop.
i'm sorry that i couldn't participate because i had something else to do.
i like sports which everyone can participate in.
the event had the largest number of participants ever.
we sell hardwood charcoal grilled intestines and more.
i had no choice but to be absent at that time.
confirm it referring to this data.
we studied and observed things together.
praise her and give her courage.
calm down and drink a glass of cold water.
it was a great trip thanks to your kindness.
i thought that you would be kind.
please let the work get started quickly.
he already did a lot of good deeds.
there is a list of books arrived in the library.
i was very excited when i arrived at jeju island.
can you tell me when you arrive at the station?
i arrived on thursday but didn't check it.
i have to get going as soon as you arrive.
i guess we made a mistake.
i am waiting in my car.
i will look forward to the day we can have some tea together.
i forgot the number of the car that picks me up.
i come here after dropping my kids off by car.
i can't sleep because of jet lag.
what is the platform number for rome?
i ate the gimbap in my car.
i am going to work as a volunteer.
he fixes his car every morning.
he let me in the car and drove.
when someone bumps into my parked car?
she's taking a walk pushing a stroller.
how can this difference be overcome?
airplanes are less safe than trains.
they sell a thick skirt and beef brisket.
you just need to be careful about car accidents.
this car looks better than that one.
she came in first place on the first try.
we traveled by car.
my parents go to work by train.
let's start putting together one thing at a time.
i heard one car is free to park.
my brother loves collecting cars.
all these procedures have something to do with math.
turn left on the second intersection.
so cars are useful for us.
how many seats and parking spots are there?
can i take a stroller inside the building?
can you rent a car there?
strollers are allowed inside.
this is a bike like a car.
they must repair this car again.
to spend the vacation wisely is my goal.
you have to pay extra.
two cars crashed at the corner.
i don't know why there is such a big difference.
the clerk brought a cup of tea.
let me have a cup of tea with gatsby.
gatsby heads for his home by car.
send me the picture that you've taken.
send me the picture we took together yesterday.
i looked for the picture that i had taken with you.
i don't have any family picture, what should i do?
can i show you the picture i took in jeju island?
i got ready waking up earlier than usual.
the worst thing of all was the absence of public security.
i feel good that i am getting off from work earlier today.
in particular, i like kimchi stew and bulgogi.
when can i feel freedom?
i don't feel well around that time.
her fashion which anyone could have tried at least once!
do you remember where your seat was?
i'd like to see you in your office sometime wednesday afternoon.
turn left at the end of the road.
i want to contact with you from now on.
i work for the financial project.
i know you are surprised to receive this message all of a sudden.
boss said he was coming this way.
there is an island called udo and it is on the east side of jeju.
it would be better to move the painting to the right.
only the right side of the brain was vitalized.
there is a bag right on the right side of him.
look in the downtown under the stadium.
because i don't have any relatives there.
it was an inevitable choice for me.
i wanted to have the first ticket.
i will be the fourth bad girl.
i remember that you were eyeballing.
i'm using the third technology.
i have to wait for the line thirdly.
my first daughter graduated.
we close only 3rd monday every month.
i haven't been to the gym for 5 days.
and the first video is a prologue.
fortunately, the second day's weather became nice.
people in korea say it's delicious when it is a little salty.
if i were your mate i will be happy.
the street is beautiful because the flowers are in full bloom.
please do not cook salty.
i think i'm deep in love with you.
this dish is not salty and good for health.
appetizer with tomato and mozzarella cheese
we're talking about the features of frogs.
how much remaining stock do you have?
how can i get to the east beijing hotel?
i can't stand dogs barking loudly.
i cannot stand his lies anymore.
i do not want to lie to you.
nowadays, he couldn't help housework.
you mean you will sleep at our house?
you cleaned up the whole house yesterday.
i took the subway and went back to home late
i stayed at my uncle's house for three days.
i sledded in front of your house yesterday.
just come to my house at 10 o'clock.
yes, i will be taught at the house.
just visit my home.
first of all, i wanna make a garden at home.
i really think our house is most comfortable.
should we just go home and make the food?
i couldn't see the street sign.
i'm so embarrassed that don’t know what to do.
i don't accept your justification.
i sing songs out of tune.
i don't like that guy.
i didn't say so strictly.
i can't stand her eyes.
i'm sure that'll be a hit.
i didn't specify it one by one.
i have some dissatisfactions about it.
i've got a lot of advantages from them. 
i have difficulties with doing that.
i know french a bit.
a red alert means the sign of a fire.
is that all you can offer us?
would you like to attend the exhibition with us?
did you have any trouble finding my house?
cheers for your pleasant trip.
welcome to my home, miss hanako.
we're located on 5th avenue, behind the post office.
according to my boss, it should be so. 
time to get bonuses is coming. 
you should have asked me to find it.
when are you going to feed me for lunch?
i dedicate my heart and soul to you.
please keep in touch with me at all times.
i have some pretty nice pictures. 
everything is new and interesting for me.
thank you for supporting me. 
would you mind opening the door for me?
why don't you like me anymore?
i'd like to ask you to help me.
is that what you tried to say?
but, it's not your fault.
this is your first time coming to kyoto, isn't it?
please understand that i'm poor at chinese.
by the way, is juan there?
he makes me feel good.
i wish i could, but i don't have a fruit knife.
please let me join the tour too.
i was shocked a lot by the news too.
how nice would it be if i could go too.
i need a great babysitter.
i like traveling alone.
i'm doing karate for self-defense.
i fought with him because of a woman.
i have to write a bachelor's degree graduation thesis.
i am a senior at harvard.
i'm suffering from a menopause disorder.
i'm living a routine life. 
i treated myself to a new watch.
i'm in charge of computer technical sales.
i'll take a cheeseburger and a large coke.
i fell in love with him at first sight.
i am majoring in creative art.
i feel unbearable pain.
i'm sorry, i can't talk to you.
i can't talk right now. 
i don't like chinese cabbage.
i want to refund what i bought.
i want to satisfy my curiosity.
i couldn't control myself.
i'm worried about my irregular pulse.
i'm really concerned about you, rosaline.
i submitted a report two days ago.
i'm well prepared for my lessons sometimes.
i bought this coat by mail order.
i don't know the ingredients of this medicine.
i think the price is reasonable.
i am majoring in applied science.
i was born in seattle, washington.
i don't like flashy colors.
i'm from portland, oregon.
i have a lot to do this morning.
i like english and book-keeping very much.
i want you to be happy.
i put more importance on quality than quantity.
i don't like taking medicine.
i haven't watched the movie yet.
i'm visiting the smithsonian museum.
i'm interested in math.
i had my car checked by a repairman.
do you remember what sherlock holmes wore?
i had to press the brakes tightly.
i prefer the beaches in the north.
i usually cover my books with leather.
i had an eyesight test at the hospital.
i bandaged my cut finger.
i put a bandage on the cut.
i rode a motorbicycle. 
i'm a student at michigan state university.
the man just suddenly got angry. 
i pay my home loan every month.
i think i go there five or six times a year.
you said it on purpose.
i deep-fried the carrots.
i just cannot afford to buy it.
i decided not to go to new york.
nobody has taught me that.
i'm planning to visit switzerland next year.
i had my leg bitten by a stray dog.
i suffer from amnesia
i can't stand his meanness.
i don't want to go out with him.
i'm going to fight it out with him.
i ordered him to come at once.
i sent him a letter of condolence.
i'd like to give him a toast.
i'm at odds with the man. 
i have her message.
i had an extramarital relationship with her.
i allowed him to go on a picnic.
i think he might have turned it off.
i gave first aid treatment to the patient.
i answered the letter.
i fully support that idea.
i'm worried about the test results.
i compensated for the trouble. 
i'm fascinated by classical music.
i suffer from amnesia.
i'm going to the living room to watch tv.
i ordered a variety of fruits.
this is ito of tt construction company.
they want to visit japan.
i dialed 0123453789. 
thanks for inviting me for dinner.
look, those young people are dancing.
could you please pay over there at the cashier?
what's that building leaning at an angle?
it was nice talking to you, jeffery.
actually, can i have a red one please?
well, i have a presentation next week.
there are a lot of newspapers piled up there.
that jazz musician has a great technique.
what do you think about that opinion?
i want to hear the priest too.
i wonder how old that girl is.
they are waving at us.
are you interested in that american girl?
please tell pete i said hello. 
i'm thinking of joining a match-making business.
they sell shoes and shoe kits.
there is nothing interesting, but you can have a look.
do you know much about rose cultivation?
what kind of magazines do you read?
a moment's thought will make it clear.
fry the chopped onions over low heat.
it all depends.
good, i think the room is comfortable.
are little rabbits hopping around?
a little duck was floating on the lake.
do you think you have a nice figure?
can you help me fix the car, please?
now, please look at the picture on the screen.
ingrid is wise as well as beautiful. 
listen, i really have to apologize.
i will never get a temporary job.
could you issue a temporary card?
how many piano lessons do you take a week?
we have a 3-hour english class a week.
i'd like to make a person-to-person call to japan.
i'm going to make an international call to japan.
does your country have this kind of problem too?
is it difficult to find a job in japan?
what is the population distribution in japan?
what is the best baseball team in japan?
but i've spent almost all my money.
we are the no.1 vending machine manufacturer in japan.
what is your opinion of japanese banks?
how stable is the japanese yen?
what is your opinion of japanese technology?
shall i go straight after passing the interchange?
you can send it in print.
life is in a twinkle. 
i lost patience and left home alone.
let's have a drink for the health of mr.ito.
now i completely understand what you mean.
i wonder if there is any place available.
because they speak in weird voices.
you did a very good job this time, mr.smith.
i'm staying home this golden week.
i think this hole will end with 1 over. 
what are you doing this christmas?
we should go cherry blossom viewing this week.
you've worked late every day this week.
would you visit me this weekend?
would it be good for you this sunday?
do you expect it to be warm this winter?
i can't believe it rains like this.
can this happen in real?
they have a well-made subway system here.
is this a whole day tour?
this is where the new shopping center will open.
this is the most recent edition of the pamphlet.
this is the most talked-about magazine.
this must be good.
do you mean this or that?
why is this cheaper than that?
you have to do everything again.
this is an issue related to every teacher.
it was described extremely accurately. 
it doesn't seem that delicious.
it has nothing to do with him.
this is sloping upward.
isn't this going to huntington?
do you think this suits me well?
how many years ago was this firm founded?
this ticket is valid for 3 days.
the quality of this tv isn't good.
how long has this cake been in the oven?
i think there is a mistake in this bill.
i have to return these books to the library.
please change this bill to change.
what attracted you to this area?
i have to overcome this extreme situation.
this neighborhood is getting dangerous.
i'm going to put this into the computer.
could you please bring this glass with some water?
may i try on this dress to see how it looks?
do you have a larger size in this suit?
how often do these trains run?
this play will be held for two months.
also, i had fun while i was in germany.
take this medicine 3 times a day.
this medicine doesn't make my cold better.
is this silk blouse washable?
take this slip to the cashier.
we'll meet at the entrance of this shopping center.
don't forget to send this parcel.
would you help me tie this parcel?
do i need to dry-clean this shirt?
is this bread just taken out of the oven?
this room doesn't have sunlight even in the daytime.
this subject needs to be examined continually.
is there anyone to help me carry this heavy suitcase?
this is a medium-sized city with a population of 50,000.
where are the public offices in this town?
people in this town are dressed unpretentiously.
how broad and deep is this river?
how much is this leather jacket?
this shop is full of japanese products.
those bright colors of the costumes were great too.
you'd better go see a doctor.
we need to tune our opinions and solve the problems.
music seems to be the most popular.
i bite my nails when i get bored.
there's about six, i think.
i'm allergic to pollen.
but bagels are really popular.
i read an article about the unemployment rate in japan.
i hope the weather is better this year.
i had a late breakfast.
excuse me, could you please bring me a menu.
maybe some of them.
actually, i'm an attendant here.
to be honest, i'm not doing very well.
i heard it can get to minus 40 degrees.
it means that you can see and touch.
please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
well, he has an average height.
do you like doing judo?
i have 14 days of paid holidays.
i can't really do anything.
i have long known you by your reputation.
was william surprised by our decision?
i've heard a lot about you from mr.williams.
call this number in case of an emergency.
a vegetable store was attacked by 2 robbers.
waiter, what's today's special?
how many people attended the meeting on monday morning?
the natives showed their traditional masks.
may i see your driver's license and passport, please?
fortunately, we avoided the accident.
gloomy weather gets me down.
today we're going to study spanish.
could you give us an extra key?
we have a recreation vehicle.
i drive a standard-sized car.
we are recruiting club members.
it was incredibly crowded.
we burned up the road.
we should stop global warming.
we can't deal with emergency patients.
we're not able to manage first-aid patients.
we danced to the music.
we must maintain our dignity.
we were going to the uphill road.
we have to guarantee freedom of speech.
we seem to have a different point of view.
we converted us dollars to francs.
we'll hold the funeral the day after tomorrow.
we need to warm up first.
we will face many obstacles.
we're going a cherry-blossom viewing tomorrow.
we were going on the downhill road.
we were rejected at a nightclub.
we gave her a big hand.
we need to prevent it in advance.
we get a premium on it.
we accepted the rail system.
the shelter protected us from the rain.
we took a detour around the bridge.
we contended for the first place.
how many apples do we have?
where are we meeting him?
our fiscal year begins in april.
we'll get pulled over.
the plans for our trip were made just now.
shall we go up to the top of the hill?
why don't we rent a compact car?
my husband doesn't work that much.
the population of my town is growing.
why don't we go swimming together?
my supervisor wants to meet you.
shall we go dutch?
how many stops do i need to go from yotsuya?
change to the local one in yokohama.
is yoko as good as mari at playing tennis?
the weather forecast is pretty accurate these days.
the weather is so unpredictable these days.
but that's a big mistake.
there were a lot of people in the store.
how can i dress well?
the job prospects are somewhat unclear this year.
do you really enjoy watching the olympics?
we have a plan to climb mount fuji this summer.
can i take a trip with my friends this summer?
the warm front is approaching kyushu.
a one-way ticket to oakland, please.
i trade with australia.
turn right and go straight 200 meters?
you'll see the abc hotel on your right.
nothing comes to mind but orange.
i forgot that today is john's birthday.
i don't feel like doing anything today.
it was a hard day today because i was sick.
how would you like to cut your hair today?
you haven't told a single joke today.
can you send someone right away?
would you like to go shopping with us this afternoon?
let's take a walk in the park this afternoon.
when will we have free time today?
how about going out to watch a movie tonight?
it's so cloudy today, isn't it?
there is nothing good on tv today.
it's warm for february today, isn't it?
thank you very much for everything at the party.
let me hear your voice once more.
has it been this steaming for long?
it's the least we can do.
no time for your old friend?
what happened to your old place?
i've heard that before.
yes, but the bus comes every twenty minutes.
yes, i dress street wear at home.
that's a good idea, i'm thirsty.
yes, i think it's correct.
yes, i went to europe on holiday.
right, i really enjoy movies.
yes, i finished it just a few minutes ago.
yes, there are many different kinds.
but love marriages are more popular now.
i rent a movie about twice a month.
i love the hydrangea season.
when you're used to the weather, it's nothing.
yes, he'll be here soon.
right, she truely is, mother.
yes, these are easy to grow.
how do you say "tanuki" in english?
have you ever worked as an english teacher?
how was your first stay in england?
how long does it take to walk to the train station?
it's windy like this at this time of year.
though i just can't tell you who it is.
how far is it from the station to your office?
keep this in mind as you travel.
i'm waiting for my girlfriend to call me.
there is an hour more before closing.
how do you think about fox-hunting?
could i speak to mr.tim robinson?
this is helen henderson in room 1,502.
hello, is this johnson and johnson?
hello, i'm on hudson street.
summer or autumn is the best time to go there.
some books and clothes to send to my sister.
can you go to those places by bus?
there is no one by that name here.
how far is it from here to your school?
you'd better catch a cab.
is this where mr.ito lives?
do you think there are lots of friends here?
is there a genuine russian vodka here?
is there anyone who speaks english?
i can't figure out the bus system here at all.
here are some flowers for you.
thank you for shopping at b-mart.
what should we give emily for her birthday present?
can you call me back later, please?
come on or we'll miss the train.
my mom always has many things to do. 
my mom gives me 10 dollars every week.
don't hesitate to ask them to be quiet.
sometimes it's just a name.
it has felt strange in my stomach since yesterday.
we were talking on the phone at this time yesterday.
go ahead and start with what you like.
my mother likes calm designs.
do you have to get up early tomorrow morning?
i have only a 100-dollar bill.
do you still keep in touch with your childhood friends?
a young deer got its leg stuck in a trap.
i'm not sure what to do.
are you used to be living in brazil?
where did you get those wonderful ideas?
could you tell me how to cook?
what does your favorite car look like?
what made you get interested in it?
what color looks better on me?
where does the train for san francisco leave?
a man came through the dark.
i need to change cars anywhere, don't i?
what is the second most used after rice?
brown the onions and boil the potatoes.
fry the chopped onions over low heat.
should i make it gentle or strong?
i just woke up from a little doze.
about 30 degrees, sometimes higher.
mr.yamamoto, can i ask you a question?
i think that's the best way.
mr.yamagami is a very elegant person.
mrs.anderson loves them all.
how long does it take to ashbury park?
don't worry about what to do next.
what should i wear in the office?
are you allergic to any medicines?
i'll call him later.
you miss your hometown, don't you?
let me send somebody right now.
okay, but we only have instant food.
then let me send it to you now. 
i'll tell paul that you called.
would you tell him i'll call back later, please?
tell me where you want to go.
i'm afraid it's not my field.
sorry, i got a lunch box today. 
i made a reservation for 823 tea time.
hello, can i check-in, please?
i'm from the apartment upstairs.
no, it doesn't stop, you took the wrong train.
i need to go see her at the hospital.
he's probably playing tennis.
is today's ticket still available?
it sounds like she must have been a wonderful child.
it's very big but i've never seen it in person.
i don't feel comfortable even at home. 
don't do everything your children want.
should my child fill in the customs declaration?
you can get along with asians, can't you?
are you allergic to aspirin?
dad, what can i do to earn 5 dollars?
my father made a fortune on patents.
i went to see him and he looked grieved.
your father is a painter, isn't he?
nobody can beat abc.
at least i could know what you're talking about.
i think you can't park here.
maybe it'll be fine on another day. 
probably between 51 and 53.
accidents are likely to occur on rainy days.
could you tell me one near the station?
no, but i really want to do that.
no, it wasn't as bad as usual.
no, i've been playing golf since i retired.
no, my watch is 10 minutes late.
no, it doesn't get better.
no, i don't think so.
no, i don't speak english.
no, i'll take the grilled lamb.
no, it was in the afternoon that i visited the museum.
no, it's still 11:20.
no, anybody hasn’t seen them.
sorry, i have no interest in it, to be honest.
no, i'll take the black one, thanks.
no, i have something to tell your manager.
no, you're too far behind.
i need to help jenny do her homework.
no, i didn't hit it that hard.
no, he left here yesterday.
no, i don't know where he lives.
everything was held over till summer. 
they have great tandoori chicken.
i like it when you smile like that.
no, just leave a place for me.
no, i live in yokohama.
no, i can't understand anything.
i don't watch tv so often.
i'm not good at mechanical things. 
no, it doesn't snow that much here.
this is where you are now. 
no, you're going in the opposite direction.
i would like to be your guide.
not really, i don't think you need to.
no, he's not someone to marry.
no, i just didn't realize where i was.
not, it's not written in blood.
that leading actress was very beautiful.
it usually takes about 10 minutes for me.
please offer my condolences to your family.
so it means "yukei shisan" in japanese.
you don't know how to enjoy it.
no, i despise her.
would you introduce the person to me?
i love this place so far.
rice and bread contain carbohydrates.
what's the country code for singapore?
would you please lend me a sharp pencil?
i'm so glad to meet you in person.
excuse me, what time does the store open?
i'm looking for the latest cd of take that.
when is the next train to oakland?
i don't know the way to shinagawa.
excuse me, are you mrs.smith?
i had trouble getting an application form.
there was an incidence of death at shinjuku station.
how much is a one-way ticket to chicago?
could you tell me how to get there?
it's grilled oysters with spinach and cream.
i dropped my watch and it got broken.
i'll miss shigeru kawai.
if i have time, i'll visit john.
i congratulate heartily on your promotion.
you should keep still in an elevator.
have you ever bought any sports drink?
is it allowed to have spikeless golf shoes?
i turn on the stereo and arrange my things.
i like the style, but do you have one in a different color?
stout is a very dark beer.
can you come over and take a look at this?
mr.smith is in the laboratory.
why don't we go see ms.smith?
professor smith is an idol of students.
do you know about sumo wrestling?
do you think it's good to have a drinking party?
it's only 150 yards in the following wind.
may i ask how much you earn?
i will answer your question after class.
it's been a while to see you in class.
could you tell me the way to the shopping mall?
all of these year-end parties are going to ruin my health.
it's the ideal weather for a picnic.
it's 309 yen including consumption tax.
rare, with a little salt on it.
you can choose either beef or fish.
can you find out what's wrong with it, please?
like other fathers in the world.
i was attacked by 3 robbers.
may i have your last name again?
the service charge is not included.
hurry or you'll miss the bus.
san francisco is a very interesting city, isn't it?
i don't think she likes her new job.
do you like to try new things?
the new bridge linked the island to the land.
the boss is displeased today.
there are a lot of social problems.
would you call sakamoto to come?
may i see your photo id?
a business talk was delayed because the boss was sick.
actually, my uncle is a director there.
as a matter of fact, i hired some caterers.
i'm afraid you are not telling me the truth.
you must wear a uniform at the office.
one has to be brave enough to seize the chance.
he is easy to talk to.
i don't want to go to crowded places.
push the red button in case of an emergency.
i don't want to walk home in the rain.
have you ever studied french or german?
can you put up with the crowded commuter train?
the arctic circle is extremely cold in winter.
the number of injured people is unknown.
has a parcel from the head office arrived?
the number of stepfamilies is increasing.
more than half of marriages end up with divorce.
i was more interested in my private life.
i just want to be your friend.
that'll probably cost 500 dollars a month.
ben, go clean your room right now.
i'm afraid you didn't get through the bunker.
the yardage post is an obstruction.
carrots cooked with butter and roasted potatoes.
the bus will be here in 2 minutes.
could you tell me how to get to burberry?
a round-trip ticket to vancouver, please.
what time does the department store close on sunday?
on the other hand, you'd have to be on time.
i'm looking for gone with the wind.
the wind capsized our boat.
i couldn't hit the ball properly because of the wind.
i bought too many clothes at the bargain sale.
thank you for asking anyway.
i'm sorry, but i'd rather go tomorrow.
sorry, i only have 10-dollar bills.
i'm going back to the states and stay there for a few days.
i work for an american securities company.
i'm worried you tend to get nervous.
would you recommend me what to see?
also, the fish special is good today.
we are ill off with price inflation.
what are you going to do, judy?
you're excellent at firing. 
what made you think so? 
the end justifies the mean.
i want something cold to drink.
could i have one more bath towel?
wasn't it on your desk?
i felt like we were living together when we were dating.
everybody takes it for granted.
everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
has everything finished well?
everything is going fine.
i can't leave everything to chance.
i hope everyone has a great time.
by what time do we have to be home?
some people never learn.
i wonder if i can take a few more days off.
are you tired of walking for hours?
i'd like to watch the major league.
how much cash do i need to pay?
very good, thanks for asking.
did you hear about maggie's husband?
take 30 minutes after meals.
everyone in japan seems to be workaholics.
singing with only one client.
a little repair could cost thousands of yen.
it's tasty but a bit heavy.
there are some things which can't be said.
that's the best compliment one could get.
i don't want to stay silent.
many episodes are about him.
if you were rich, what would you buy?
fire will cause bigger damage.
i heard about you from maeda.
can i change the 10,000  yen bill, please?
finally, the firefighters put out the fire.
he decided not to go eventually.
what a coincidence, i know a house you might like.
i oiled the wheels of my roller-skates.
let's go early and secure nice seats.
the boat's about to jump up.
i couldn't call him in time.
i'd rather go to a disco.
where can i find the registered number?
i heard that some fans tried to follow him to death.
not every plan is decided yet. 
may i see two pieces of identification?
i was attacked by a pair of robbers.
cohabitation has pros and cons.
could you ask her to call me when she's back?
would you like to be rich and famous?
i think germany is the most famous for cars.
the sky over tohoku will be clear in places.
when does the golf season end in tokyo?
a rainstorm hit over tokyo.
where can i buy pottery?
your suggestions will be very helpful.
i should buy a one-way ticket, right?
do you know how to get to the library?
how come you left me alone?
what the hell is going on?
i'd like to see mr.david spencer.
i don't know how she is.
i know you can give me more discount.
i'm thinking about going to grad school.
did you work part-time when you were in college?
you need to take the sat to go to college.
the president had a joint news conference.
i'll take a limousine instead.
japanese women usually look younger.
most foreign news on tv is in english.
we get together about once a week.
not only in big cities but also in the countryside.
i'm not used to the american subway system.
can i get tickets on the day of the performance?
can i swap the seat with you, please?
i'll go on a diet with you.
can i share the table with you?
all you have to do is ask.
is there any political party that you support?
i knew you'd like it.
i'll tell her that you called.
please forgive me.
i didn't mean it.
would you like to settle down in your hometown?
don't be satisfied even if you win.
i can get on well without you.
i am sorry you couldn't come yesterday.
i need to move the furniture in my office.
i heard you closed the wound with 3 stitches.
i think you know something.
i don't know what you're talking about.
i'm not afraid of you, howard.
i can't go along with what you said.
you look in a very good mood.
you shouldn't have done that.
you said it deliberately.
could you go and check it?
what is your home country famous for?
you're communication skills are getting worse.
mrs.bloom, your homeroom teacher.
may i see your report card.
i would like to introduce you to a friend of mine.
i won't be able to forget you forever.
it would be pleasant to see you again.
i didn't mean to scare you.
you should study much more.
did you have a happy girlhood?
you're dehydrated.
you have good grounds.
are you very good at dancing?
you're a master of the short approach shot.
you really hit my tender spot.
you had no right to pick me out.
you haven't made any mistake so far.
what's your thought about this?
you are not supposed to park here.
you suffer from malnutrition.
how often do you go to a hair salon?
do you talk often with your boys?
you mean you don't care?
you have a personality disorder.
you can't have everything.
you should've studied harder.
you must be very good at machines.
you look nice in that sweater.
you can't get away from the fact.
what was your ranking in the race?
you will soon get to like it.
you'd better go forward.
blue is the best for you.
i'll ask him to call you back.
is there any visitor for you?
i don't want to hurt you.
it could be too tough for you.
i'm sorry to have troubled you so much.
could you tell me yours?
i can't force you to stay.
is there any dress code in your restaurant?
what is the exchange rate in your country?
do you have many sheep in your country?
are there many venture companies in your country?
it's unbearable to part from you.
you don't have to do it by yourself.
did you have a sports day at your school?
i received your letter on the 3rd of may.
can i get a rough map to your place?
your seat is in car 10.
please feel free to express your opinion.
has your english improved?
what's your field of business?
your handkerchief smells sweet.
i wish your sister could come.
what does your country export to japan?
what names are popular in your country?
do people like baseball in your country?
do you have white day in your country?
what is your country's national sport?
do you celebrate easter in your home country?
is your cold getting better?
why don't you stop smoking for a while?
what is the dollar-to-yen exchange rate?
when do the maple leaves turn red?
i like short stories and mysteries.
will you come to my party next saturday?
may i visit you next sunday?
could i take a day off next monday?
i'm going back to america next month.
i'm not going to do it again.
i'll never speak in public again.
when was your birthday?
is it impossible to discuss the union again?
i've been learning to play the piano by myself since i was 5-year-old.
cross the bridge and go all the way to the end of the road.
don't show your temper to people.
we had a great time along the way.
i'll go to the party if nick goes.
i'm glad you can stay out late.
i kayaked on a river in new zealand.
i'm going to attend a meeting in new york.
i'm looking for a birthday present for my sister and i need your advice.
i couldn't spend time with anybody.
who is taking over your job?
who did tell you that?
who can bear such an insult?
both of you must be lonely if you live like this.
i can't get any lower than that.
the singer who acts a boss was excellent.
how could you do that to me?
could you speak slower, please?
yes, there are some interesting spots.
yes, but it won't be rainy now.
yes, but i need to refer to a recipe book.
correct, my middle name is elizabeth.
yes, i use a debit card all the time.
i hope you enjoy the rest of your trip.
yeah, that one is nice too.
it's not good to mix with food.
yes, i take a walk with my dog every morning.
yes, it should be done silently.
right, and i can't sleep at night.
i'll let you know when it's your turn.
especially after we all become grown-ups.
i want to be a make-up artist.
you can easily find it at some hardware stores.
it's hotter and more humid in osaka than tokyo.
every function is available 24/7.
but it snows a lot in winter.
i eat 3 pieces of fruit almost every day.
yes, i've been looking for since i was in high school.
i have a hunch that your brother likes me.
try to put things in perspective. 
would you mind cutting not too short?
i'll come back tomorrow morning if you don't mind.
were you half awake when you picked up the phone?
nancy called this afternoon.
if only i could take a day off tomorrow.
i'd like to book 2 tickets for tomorrow evening, please.
can you call me tomorrow morning?
i might be in your town tomorrow.
i'd like to talk about it again tomorrow.
can i put my car into the garage and come back?
it's far less than i want.
how did you know i'm here?
let's see if i have time.
don't interrupt me while i'm talking.
not while i'm your father.
my desk is piled up with work.
my love is all for you.
my love, call me darling.
my cat picked it up from the garbage.
there is low atmospheric pressure over japan.
but the men seem to be different. 
i hope you enjoy the last week.
the days are getting longer, aren't they?
i just watch the weather and hope it gets better.
i don't like this music that much.
aging can cause dementia.
i want to be with you all the time.
i don't read detective novels at all.
i've  never cheated on my wife.
i want to have you in my arms.
i never leave you.
if you want to go out, i can give you a ride.
i decided not to take it after careful consideration.
when do the trains start running again?
the train will leave in 10 minutes.
the temperature is expected to be above zero.
in january or february, depending on the temperature.
a final paper and 2 exams.
memorizing by rote is not efficient.
i'm checking if the machine is out of order.
i went out for dinner on friday night.
you can't smoke until the no-smoking sign is turned off.
well, i don't like eating chicken.
well, i work out and ride a mountain bike.
well, these characters were used in the imperial family.
sorry, i can't help you this time. 
what do you think about the working conditions?
there was no response to his appeal.
he met his death calmly and peacefully.
there's something suspicious about his story.
his criticism caused anger.
his daughter inherited the legacy.
all his efforts were all in vain.
his bad mood was attributed to the weather.
i have something to tell him as soon as possible.
i begged him to lend me some money.
and you can't miss chinatown, either.
and when did you leave it here?
it's said he's unthankful.
it was a mistake to withdraw him from school.
there's no way to beat him.
but now things are back to normal.
then i suppose you are not bothered by the heat?
it will make him take the subway.
how can you make your living by such a small salary?
thank you, if it doesn't bother you.
i thought he was insane.
what color of wrapper would you like?
sure, it's h-a-r-a-d-a.
so what is going to happen to our economy?
we have a lot of delicious food in autumn.
by the way, what's the date today?
but it seems too complicated.
it could happen to anybody.
you should repair such a minor breakdown.
i studied painting for several years.
then may i speak to the person in charge?
then i might reconsider.
let me check the schedule for tomorrow.
but i still have work to do.
but you can't eat at your desk.
but they're very useful.
but those kids are too spoiled.
please do, i have too much garbage.
they dressed up in beautiful clothes.
they are leveling the hill.
they had their eyes fixed to both sides of the door.
their stock went down 22 points.
their new business was failed.
they searched my luggage carefully.
they are fighting for custody.
please tell them to be quiet.
he's doing very well at work.
he studied the contemporary situation.
he was always enthusiastic about something.
he's forgetting his french.
he is a big fan of the tigers.
his life was degenerating.
he gained honor for saving his friend.
he won a medal with a total of 144 hits.
he's free to see you.
it's not him who i expected.
he answered my question indirectly.
he gave me a b-grade in math.
he nags on and on.
he continued to plead his innocence.
he turned the key in the lock.
he is ashamed of himself.
he tries to save half of his paycheck.
he didn't reply to us.
he brought dishonor to our family.
he comes by my office so often.
he seems to be under 30.
he was caught at the scene of pickpocketing.
the child looks pretty outgoing.
he took the task of cleaning the kitchen.
he began to defy his parents.
he's cramming for his exam.
he is a notable critic of civilization.
he is noted as a critic of civilization.
i can say he's faultless.
he sometimes makes people surprised.
he suddenly stopped smoking.
he works overtime without getting paid.
he committed suicide by taking poison.
does he live in tokyo or kyoto?
he looks angry with you.
he doesn't seem to care.
he determined to bring it off.
he paid at the restaurant.
he is having fun in kyoto.
he is a good catch for marriage.
he's working for a construction company.
he will come by train around 6.
i'm sick of listening to her crap.
i don't want to keep working with her.
she suffers from bulimia nervosa.
she needs antenatal treatment.
she's not here.
she's in the meeting now.
she has animosity against me.
she's getting more and more popular.
she will never accept it.
she feels hostility toward me.
she is the apple of my eye.
she plays golf much better than me.
she doesn't do birth control.
she has a brave spirit.
she always follows the latest trend.
she always keeps her room tidy.
she wore too many accessories.
she is enjoying sexual freedom.
she is a trendsetter.
the lightning made her shiver.
is her hair shoulder length?
the anesthetic made her senseless.
she set a new record.
she had her leg wounded badly.
she is superior to other competitors.
she fell victim to his ambition.
she gave it to him.
she was a choreographer of the music.
she was struck dumb at the speech.
she's a seemingly nice lady.
she suffers from anorexia.
she passed away on the 7th of july.
her fever went up to 40 degrees.
i heard she's a good tennis player.
she gave me a concert ticket.
when did she say she is going to have an interview?
she's lounging on the sofa.
can you guess how old she is?
what she said was, "i feel miserable".
what did she do to you?
it is a big deal, nick.
there are hundreds of them in the store.
i can give you a special price of 40,000 won.
the important thing is the direction we go.
i'd like to check if it's true.
that's what alex heard on the grapevine.
that's the play about a new school.
it'll shorten your life.
there is no need to give it special treatment.
if affects the subconscious.
it happened around 1986.
it was worth trying.
it's not worth trying.
it's just theoretical knowledge.
it happened in the jomon period.
would you stop worrying about it?
they go really well with the ceramics.
besides that, it doesn't look comfortable to put on.
i don't know how to explain it.
would you explain it again?
i'm using it now.
i never do that in a million years.
it would be bad for your health.
it may be groundless.
by the way, how much is the green fee?
it must've been a 1,000 times to ask.
who does she think she is?
do you think it will be found?
he contributed a short essay to a local newspaper.
i can tell he is chinese.
it was wrong that he was expelled.
i don't think he saw us.
i hope he's not there today.
did he treat you to lunch yesterday?
he finally became the only lead.
you're lucky he is your husband.
he brought it to the police right away.
i'll turn the channel to the program.
i'm tired of watching that program.
the party will be held in front of the hotel.
the typhoon is approaching japan.
radiation leaked out of the warehouse.
i'll leave that question to you.
the job is worthwhile.
it seems to hard for him to do.
what are you going to do with those chairs?
the doctor gave me cold medicine.
what is the expiry date of that yogurt?
the film has excellent sound effects.
the dubbing of the film was not good.
what do you think about the movie?
what theater is the movie showing in?
the film starts in 5 minutes.
how long is the running time of this movie?
i don't have that difficult manual.
i feel shameful to have failed the test.
the boy is going to have a lark.
she looked at me and smiled.
that explanation isn't convincing.
the player threw the ball to the catcher.
the teacher has already called the roll.
if you ate the fish, you would have become ill.
i told him how to get to the subway station.
i'm in a place where he can't hear.
did he agree to your proposal?
he gave me some flowers.
he got infrared rays treatments.
he suffers from losing his property.
he has too much pride, which is his problem.
nobody knows the truth except him.
they don't do it for nothing.
i'm sorry that i can't help you.
they're both fine, thank you.
traffic backed up because of the accident.
the report vindicated him.
that word is used for a contemptuous term.
the quarrel cast a chill over the party.
i think i have enough time to finish by then.
i've been quite attached to you.
that tie doesn't go with the shirt.
he must have been wiped out.
he's already handed in his application.
i wonder when i should call him.
what he says is not so clear.
i can't read his handwriting.
i know how to use the machine.
are there good european hotels?
what was your place in the race?
did you call because your toilet is clogged?
have you ever made an overseas call?
i heard the teaching staff is very good.
but i didn't study very hard.
i've done the same thing too.
you're not used to this heavy traffic, are you?
you don't need to pay any extra charges.
would you have something to drink before dinner?
japanese was spoken everywhere.
there are lots of rooters in the stands.
could you recommend some places to visit?
do you have any fruit or vegetables?
i don't have to care about heavy drinking.
i'd appreciate it if you could give me a ride to the airport.
what's the registered number of the pay phone?
have you ever been distressed with atmospherics?
i'd like to know where the ball landed.
i'm sure the ball is on the fairway.
can i relocate the ball?
i didn't hit the ball high enough.
i've been studying for a couple of years.
don't smoke in public places.
golf is a lifetime game.
congratulations on winning the golf tournament.
we really hope you had a good time.
thanks, but i wouldn't do it.
did you wear a school uniform in your high school?
we can renew the contract in tokyo.
how much is my bill?
the police were dispatched to the scene of the crime.
we have a lot of applicants for the police officer position.
it's said that the economy will recover next year.
economical conditions are gradually getting worse.
don't be too obsessed with the result of the game.
i've become disenchanted with married life.
it's up to you to decide.
after all, he was just a fair-weather friend.
we came to that conclusion in the end.
only a few people attended the meeting.
it's not over till it's over.
i enjoy eating while i'm walking down the street.
good luck with your new job.
use an equal amount of sugar and salt.
you should have paltered.
suddenly it rained and i got dripping wet.
you've supported me a lot.
i was happy to work with you too.
it was nice that you came here today.
i caught a bad cold with a headache.
i had a creepy dream last night.
there was only a small audience in the theater last night.
i'd like to try different foods.
just make the edges trimmed, please.
please take me to the closest police station.
i'm planning to take a step test in the fall.
i'd like some light reading.
use the chopsticks as much as you can.
report to the consulate as soon as possible.
sometimes i go drink with my friends.
x or y train goes to shibuya.
my eyes are tired from watching tv too much.
how do you say "tanuki" in english?
do you like teaching esp courses?
how many cds do you have?
could i borrow your cd player?
there are some b seats for 5,000 yen.
i'm staying at abc hotel for two days.
congratulations on entering abc college.
i'd like to change my flight to the 25th of august.
i'll pick you up at 7 sharp.
please call and wake me up at 6:30.
from 6:30 to 10:30.
there will be field sports in may.
5 of 50 cent stamps, please.
i thought it would be around 15,000.
35 balls for a 4-dolalr token.
a 3-hour exam gives me a headache.
can i get a table for 2?
i got your letter on january 20th.
i'd like to reserve a seat on the 11 o'clock-train.
please give me a call after 10:30.
the song was pretty luxurious.
i'm sending you an email regarding the serk sample delivery.
i don't want to play at the same table with my sister.
if you like me, you cannot do this to me.
didn't you feel like meeting me today?
i'll pray for the repose of your mother's soul.
then we'll correct the amount.
you can use an integrated management system through a rootage program.
i want to know why the delivery was canceled.
can you send yours to a?
this is the drop shipping wholesale discount rate.
select grade and semester that you want to study in
open the book and get the major conceptions when time presses!
was it hard to catch up with math?
math is fun to solve!
try using facebook messenger.
after february 12th, please.
then how many kilograms of product b will be shipped in total?
is this application only for the students from the middle east?
please make an appearance in better works afterward!
is model number 35 actually available to order?
lastly, what is the possible price support?
then should we send both a and b?
this is the it platform support project for online global sales.
the busy period has finally passed and i'll be on vacation from tomorrow.
i wonder if there is a main bank in the university.
you ordered a fox-shaped necklace.
the counterattack of tomboy harley queens never betrays our expectations!
finally, we are going to take a quiz.
i put money but the sticker didn't come out.
where does the handkerchief actually go?
where can i take a bus to bagan?
i don't want to behave like a grown-up in front of you.
let's achieve our goals this new year holidays.
they are the free filter, acf filter, and case appearance.
the older i am, the bigger my head is.
it seems to have a story that we don't know.
but i'll sometimes speak to you with kakaotalk.
i couldn't use my cell phone there.
may i change the codes as below?
i'll look forward to meeting you soon.
the product in the picture looks like the one that you ordered.
earned 800 golds and 3 gems.
so to be honest, i don't feel good.
so do artists and people.
the name of the producer wasn't shown either.
you don't have to worry too much.
you need to prepare the documents within this week, though.
she is a sophomore in the college of pharmacy.
don't catch a cold and see you again.
welcome to our customer support center.
the selling price for fish will increase by 50% if equipped.
we will pay for the purchasing cost.
let's give aims to the poor with that money.
i am really sorry, i couldn't contact you because i was sleeping.
so we will export our technology all over the world.
it's a notice about language changes.
the movie is about war.
we have a high standard for selecting materials and subsidiary materials.
you can add members without limit.
you can set up the counseling time.
you can download the conversation history.
will sgn obtain an effect from taking over kabam vancouver?
we roll our sleeves up to target overseas markets as well.
even i couldn't do a presentation in korea.
though i was single last year.
i'm so glad to work with you.
please include the installation and test run fee.
i am planning to send your doll this week.
i am sending the mail to you.
i didn't receive the co document yet.
either because it's out of fashion or ruined.
nobody could stop us.
so, i have attached my resume.
put the eggs on and fold in half.
hello, i am mr.joker.
i understand everything except the overlaps.
i assume you can get the product within a week.
i'm sorry but that's the reason why i can't sell it.
don't worry, everything will be fine.
turn an impossibility into a possibility.
you must visit korea with your younger brother next time.
it must be released this wednesday.
what area has the heaviest traffic?
we can't carry on if you can't change it.
we are thinking to request a video conference soon.
if only this night passes on quickly.
the price too if it's possible.
i'm always hard working on what's given.
everyone seems to enjoy the year-end.
a small fancy shop has opened in a village of the forest.
it's the point that a ribbon and cubic ornament are on the front.
it's the story of my youth which never comes back.
time passed and it became such a beautiful melody!
they are the beloved words left on the sand.
please, the waves and cold sea, do not erase it.
it became a romantic time of my yearning.
it's you who make me dream a dream.
i wonder if i can meet you before the autumn goes.
let me send the product first since we don't have much time.
the kindergarten i attended must have moved to another place.
could you understand this situation?
so, is it possible to send you the green one instead?
it's the midnight even the crickets stay up.
you can come here right after receiving the award.
it's a relationship that cashes in and becomes distant.
i will go to have dinner with my friends soon.
first, let me introduce myself briefly.
they came to the island and found out that there was no one who invited them.
do you often watch videos on your smartphone?
why is it good if the smartphone is waterproof?
they haven't picked up the freight yet.
it has been made with those thoughts and consideration.
this dress will make you warm indoor.
you can adjust the size of the top with a breast-tie.
this is a booster shop event that opens randomly.
we will ship your product securely.
please wait until the end of january.
it feels different that  you call me 'oppa'.
i don't want to go outside because it's too cold and windy.
in case of it's damaged due to fire or natural disasters.
the car needs to be scrapped completely.
it's 1205-1, jeongwang-dong, siheung-si, gyeonggi-do.
what is the best menu here?
everyone has their own plan.
i want us to rely on each other and be together.
i appreciate everyone for your consideration.
please separate and send them to us.
fear is just one of the minor feelings.
we kept traveling on the weekend.
this conference is also self-produced, too.
i was attending a specialized high school.
he was a motorcycle delivery man in the past.
complete with a big lovely ribbon on the front center.
take care and i wish good luck to you.
the effectivity of power-saving energy is important when the oil price is high.
it's made of the best goldeuryum fabric of hanhwa with hardwood patterns.
do mct work after the internal and external diameter turnings.
they need me at 10'o clock on the 3rd.
i am not sure if the size 21 will be okay.
it's cheaper than in a duty-free shop.
i'd die rather than give up.
i will do it when i pay the hotel expenses.
there was an error while sending the email.
you can log in after you confirm your email.
korea has a lot of interesting things to do in winter.
this is the procedure of our project.
it was so hot in the room that he took off his coat.
i will let you know as soon as we get it.
there was an inquiry from a canadian exhibitor.
please refer to the attached announcement.
please let me know if you're available in 3 to 4 months.
you can adjust the length and shoulder strap.
when does the lunchtime finish in gyejeol bapsang?
this is brethkin's natural ingredient called "scallow".
rinse it with water several times and it has the same effect as you boil it.
there are natural ingredients and oriental medical ingredients, which is harmless for skin.
it keeps your skin moist with a moisture layer.
thanks to everyone i got to know this year.
hello, i'm 25 years old this year.
it's my first time to use it after the registration.
don't judge me in your own way.
how did it go regards to the previous request?
jane has just arrived at the station.
i have no authority to deal with it.
you're more than just a friend for me.
your requests would not be reflected.
there is no genius without a little madness.
it's okay even if we can't be together at the year-end.
until we master english, let's go!
it could be an unclear and uncertain question.
73.33 dollars were paid this morning.
then tell me about your fun experience.
dohyeon will become a movie director in his 30.
this is vitaminc 500-milligram to keep your youth.
study, get a job, marry, and when can i give birth?
i can keep my walking pace here.
it happens when the type of the advertisement is a video.
you do everything in your way.
it is because the birthday of jesus is different.
we can talk on the phone if it doesn't bother you.
you lose your morning and gain wonderful dawn.
should we introduce a sugar tax to prevent obesity?
i want to change my ec class schedule.
please refer to the file i'm sending to you.
please print the attached document in triplicate.
i have contacted you regarding wheel.
do you have any news about canadian exhibitors?
yours was the best that i have ever seen.
we will look forward to your positive reply.
and what is the unit price of 15 pies?
chargers are being sold a lot this winter.
it's the capacity to soak the water in the air.
live today as if you will never see tomorrow.
i am studying to improve my ability.
so, i'm sending the picture of the result.
now, let me tell you about my dream.
the more you love, the more painful it is.
today, i'm going to talk about my family.
i will tell you about my dream this time.
the email address is not valid.
only the manager can register the answer.
always keep your route with me.
what is the color of the clothes the person is wearing?
provide me accurate nvr information.
it obtained "atopy-free mark".
you can remove the makeup with the breskin's.
how is breskin's foam different?
(it includes changing color, size and so on.)
i hope my bluebird doesn't get lost.
what should we do for the new year's eve party?
what am i living for?
there are 10 v8 hydro velvet masks.
decoration your place with a folding drawer.
it has spf 50+ pa +++ uv protection.
please send mails to the manager mr.hwang from now on.
i saw a shooting star falling from the sky.
the total length of the earrings is about 8cm.
please send me related information by email.
can't you make a reservation to the pool-villa we've been before?
my name was given by my father.
please check the information i've requested.
i want to be a person who leaves the place clean.
it is very cold now in sapporo, japan.
they use unique and experimental materials.
of course, we want to sell them right away.
as a fortune will be accompanied.
in that way, i can grab a big fortune for wealth.
i'm expecting to receive it sooner or later.
you can't be proud of giving up for others. 
he is such a warmhearted family man.
macbeth was a general in scottland.
how is the business going in the korean branch?
it could be a bit painful from tonight.
the first project is the principle of design.
you can unpack the luggage and go out.
the water leisure relieved my stress.
sorry for putting pressure on you by email.
i was playing with toys first!
i'm so sorry for the late mail.
let's play the volcano game altogether!
i didn't feel good today.
i'll take it with the filter product.
he looked very rude on the tv show.
we need to decide and act on our own.
i actually had a big difficulty to speak english.
the beacon test will begin shortly.
please check the attached file.
so i did not do my homework.
fix errors if there is any problem with call answering or blocking.
i think indian actors are really cool.
recently i played a football game.
i asked them how they've hit in practice.
it takes 10 minutes by car from the seoraksan mountain bus terminal.
i think this kind of story will be fun.
this is a chair that you share your heart with people you love.
i want to express it and it's hard to hide.
i want to do everything with you and you make me happy.
it has been a long time since we've talked.
the fish grows when you put it in the tank.
we do not recommend you to release introduced species.
i will try to send them this week.
i will contact you if there are any changes.
it's a portable game machine that you can do when you are bored.
i am going home because of a headache.
keyrings, cell phone rings, and even necklaces!
exactly what component is causing the problem?
is it difficult to produce the overall components?
the pouch back will be on sale today.
i think i'm similar to teddy sanders.
korean parties are mostly boring.
the first family has a different party culture.
thus, english is necessary.
my dream is to be a good wife and wise mother.
i couldn't decide what to do for a job.
when can i receive the sleeping product?
they are always with me in joy and in sorrow.
my mother gave great impacts on me.
however, i do not agree with this opinion.
t300 gte edition for ps4 is on sale.
don't speak with a little knowledge.
they will make you warm in the cold winter.
i'll introduce 5 prophesy of them to you.
shall we go by your place if you don't mind?
i think you helped me find the cause.
i'm going to introduce the great way.
next is the hotel that will provide you comfort.
it's the influence of the media environment changes in the arab world.
this book has given me a lot of interest.
i had the first game with seungho of mblaq.
you know oil-rich mansour, don't you?
if there is anything you need, i can buy it.
it tightened the chest and abdomen.
i'm tired of arguing with you. 
we even planned our meeting.
honestly, i can't understand you.
first, he loved all the people.
a smartphone is double-bladed.
welsh corgies eat the feed for dogs.
are you not allowed to leave korea when you are on vacation?
thank you for your lecture for a semester.
time goes so fast that it will be february soon.
then buy a dog right now.
first, dogs are loyal to their owners.
you have many days off this month, don't you?
i will send you an email after shipment.
no matter what happens, let's stay together.
i would like to meet your starlight.
i don't support the current president, though.
we will order batteries early next year.
i was diagnosed with flu on thursday, november 24th.
please check the red box.
i sometimes play archery there.
please share the progress with mr.cho.
thank you for telling us before the shipment.
she is good at both singing and dancing.
i don't like romantic comedies.
please refer to this for later.
then why are you not moving this month?
where is the party place where you can feel new york?
could i get some information about abc?
please let me know the unit prices of these products.
we've done that with the same shipper last year.
sometimes those moments come.
happy birthday and see you next holiday.
if it's possible, how much does it cost to update?
it has been a year and a half since i belonged to this team.
protect your skin with sunblock!
you need to put sunblock on your lips, too.
please send me all if you have any.
it's choi gangrok's "jejuganic paprika mackerel"
i would like to make an additional order for 20 chargers.
is there a deadline for sample submission?
it was a daughter-in-law who was going to pick up the old lady.
going to bed, lisa thought about what happened today.
so, my waist has been fully recovered now. 
i like only one singer.
i hope we have parties like this more often.
we will send it to you as soon as we get it.
first, we express the green shower by taste.
i love fantasy movies.
i recommend pizza for today's lunch.
we will proceed with the contract based on this.
and there is one other party.
this is #cheonsa mom# detergent which your family can trust.
protect your skin with natural rosemary oil.
feel how soft and comfortable your bed is.
it's eco-friendly fibers with excellent antibiosis and absorption.
lastly, i like to travel.
thank you very much for sending me a nice towel ~
are you sure you want to check in this way?
i know it is wrong to lie to you.
should i arrive exactly on january 5th?
you may receive the item on tuesday.
how much is laurene for sale?
i have never been late before.
the result is as follows.
in this era, women were elegant.
are you aware of the reclamation project in yeosu?
the golden color creates aura and beauty.
but the dolphin show was really fun.
please support other computer-related problems.
we're checking o/s server and software operation.
i am on bad terms with jerry these days.
i don't want to be disappointed anymore.
you can meet your friends tomorrow.
i purchased 3 products for presents.
it's wonderful news.
wear it along your neckline casually.
rough diamond glows softly with black antique processing.
let me show you a short video.
it violates the right of publicity.
please let us know the total sample price and shipping cost.
we will look forward to showing you more beautiful products.
there was no reply with my prompt response.
these are the references.
please let me know when you are available.
please tell us about the price if you can.
i am a member of a horseriding course in incheon.
hello, thank you for the mail.
i saw the cat you gave to an.
the cat was more gorgeous than i expected.
the default image is set.
there is the 17th annual regional and corporate strategy sharing presentation.
there are so many dishes suitable for japanese udon restaurant.
so it got 3 points in terms of weight.
the quality of jjapaghetti's noodles is not too bad.
and it got 4 points in the price section.
you can wear the lenses when you sleep.
it's lenses that you wear when you sleep.
this mail is about belle rose.
these two are different from croquette.
their brains are bigger and more efficient.
the son is old enough to enter kindergarten.
it's because we need the appropriate judgment.
work is to be done together.
because it's not easy for me to get the experience.
it's time for heroes to show their power.
it is proof that we are doing our best.
we will be still there.
we are still doing the test.
but i will study hard at school.
you will recover your health for sure.
you will be a beast forever.
this is what you can easily do.
that's a pretty sophisticated expression.
because there are lots of good cellphones these days.
i will be a developer in 5 years.
after then, i will receive monthly rent.
i will put many animation effects.
the chinese company will open tomorrow.
he is almost fired in his company.
the policy will revitalize the economy.
because the bus can't be transferred.
i'm also waiting for the confirm.
the second is to speak coherently.
the genre of the movie that i watched was action.
a conversation with you is also pleasant.
he will be in charge of the hall certainly.
then we are going back to the hotel.
this item has apparent likes and dislikes.
the form of this yacht is a catamaran.
it is normal the door is closed.
it's an adventure for me and an opportunity for you.
it's all thanks to your hard-working.
the issue will be discussed later.
i will discipline with words and behaviors.
the bank won't work on tuesday.
this was recorded when i was doing an assemble.
when my mom was pregnant, i was one year old.
she got divorced and has two children.
the warm weather makes me relieved.
i'm trying to understand more.
he is planning to come to korea to see me.
it means the same as 'i love you'.
i'm thinking about requesting for a cable.
there will be many people since this year is ending and the new year is coming.
because it is new year's day.
i'm going to go to muju with my friends.
it is the place recommended for couples.
it is a great place for couples to visit.
it's because we study with other class students.
we're going to relieve this heavy feeling.
it's steadiness, modesty, and consideration.
because you might regret it when you are grown up.
he is like a fairy godmother.
and i will decide where to live.
i met them when i entered school.
the hope is the belief that we can succeed.
i just have no courage to do it.
because i couldn't adapt to it.
i'm coming back to korea on the 25th.
i have two types of work experience.
both of the products are what i use in korea.
mother will be your strong supporter.
the amount we need is 1.
because there is an 11-hour time difference.
i'll make a special memory with them.
she is a famous professor in the model department.
she is going to have a simple surgery.
we're going to make moist cookies.
there is no material like aluminum.
the most important thing in my life is myself.
it's my small gift of appreciation.
busan is one of the famous places.
we have a very important guest coming today.
they will seem rude.
it's one of the necessary daily supplies.
they'll spend a warm winter.
this particular order will be manufactured in korea.
if you don't succeed, you will regret.
i majored in business administration at yonsei university.
i am a sophomore, attending sunmun university.
the teacher is a female junior in her university.
i will go to andong for this vacation.
such as music, literature, or something like that.
i will use my spare time to get the certificate during the vacation.
i'm a college senior.
because math is fun.
knowing and actually doing are different.
when i'm drunk, i become a yes-man.
i'm going to a different way.
i am studying at home.
what i design is a pingpong table.
it's one of the subjects that i really hate.
i'm just not good at it.
her favorite sport is hockey.
probably because you are not used to english.
the thing that she likes to do is sleeping.
the job she is imagining is a diplomat.
i will revise it to correspond with the blueprint.
i am eligible to do that.
jinju is a quiet and beautiful city.
only people who do not try hard give up.
the reason is that it's not easy to take a shower.
we are preparing for a test.
you will get it once you use it.
it is a place to seduce women.
i have set them as soon as i started working in this company.
it will become a machine-dependent robot.
i will go crazy if i talk to her.
ulsan is a wonderful place to visit.
human is a creature who learns through making mistakes.
because korean cuisine is light and simple.
he is the king who loves and cares about people.
he greets and manages customers.
it is my honor to introduce him.
it's a major distraction for the class.
i will be happy if you are happy.
every day is a happy and lucky day.
i am glad that you like the song.
you never know when you will need money.
and the filipino is 20 years old.
i'm thinking if i should go to the philippines this time.
i'm terribly sick and tired. 
this food is what my wife likes.
my wish is living in france.
the name of this english camp is #ssessesse#.
the product i bought is not shipped yet.
i often search for tickets on the internet.
the list highlighted in yellow is 1.
i won't sell the cell phone to you.
i will watch the movie with earphones.
we are going to open a new mobile account.
high-pressure condition evaluation is scheduled.
firstly, the background of superman is china.
this product is an experimental drug on sale.
that wind will destroy the wave.
i will make a spaghetti festival.
i'm going on a business trip to almaty.
i just believe it's special.
i'll succeed in this diet plan at all costs.
i will depart at split.
it is a container to hold the software.
the mast carton set is the rock-bottom price at present.
for example, it is like toeic scores.
the mentor of my life is the celebrity, yoo jae suk.
i will stay in the silla hotel.
i will send a document from the next order.
i've wished to visit here for a long time.
dondurma is turkish street food.
then mr. lee will not go.
you will need a taxi tomorrow.
it's a blessing for my child to be born.
next, i will renovate the dressing room.
yes, it means i don't know the other type.
because sleeping late won't help you grow taller.
i'm on my christmas vacation now.
my family is going to take a break for christmas.
we are going to hold a sticker festival.
it sells brand-name goods at cheap prices.
victoria is a fiancee of kelvin.
i put the korean address on my credit card.
but i will live calmly.
today is my friend's birthday, sooyoung.
i will tell her to mend that habit.
and we are going to the jagalchi fish market.
it is a good item to match in-between seasons.
it's my fault, i didn't teach you properly.
koreans wouldn't live without kimchi.
it's a department related to employment for students.
i just left and am on my way.
it is because the jazz festival is opening now.
this performance was invited to this festival.
the price will keep increasing.
it's a food made of rice cake and red pepper paste.
the best of them is the romance bridge.
i'll go to paris in early june.
he is an alumnus of my school.
the origin of handball is greece and rome.
i will do many activities.
the title of the book is time to need philosophy.
it was in a shop that you and i met for the first time.
it would have been difficult to find the material.
i don't think i can participate.
there are some differences such as joints.
because i have a second dream.
it was the age when i first had my dream.
i'm eating jjapaghetti now.
the biggest feature is the long playtime.
if we lie this time again, we are over.
because lying is bad.
i will change the curtains in my place.
my dream is to be a bakery owner.
i have 9 months left.
there are no set shapes and frames.
i will work for the promotion of our department.
because it's thrilling.
the bunker ship is coming now.
i am an unprocessed diamond.
i spend a long time when i do one thing.
because energy can be saved in that way.
i will feel responsible and do my best job.
it's the method of using nuclear energy.
there are 3 ways to get closer to friends.
because it's famous for a massage.
1 package exceeds the tax limits.
he is boarding on a ship for a test drive.
he is the highest in the military.
my younger brother is the first grade of middle school.
this is why a diary is so important.
i'm planning to travel to china step by step.
it's my sister who gave me this gift.
because it got killed by a hunter.
i'll make you concentrate.
the car parked on the side of the street is mine.
because i am always around you.
i am a soldier who protects liberal democracy.
my subject is 'beauty'.
the seminar will be held in 2 weeks.
the furniture will arrive next thursday.
i would love to invite them again.
i'll go on a trip to gwangju in may.
the payment will be given next week.
this photo was taken on jeju island.
i only hope for you to get better soon.
my favorite movie is 'the intern'.
because they are good stocks.
what i like the most are biscuits.
my favorite season is spring.
my favorite fruit is a pear.
my favorite team is chelsea.
my favorite is reading books.
the game that i liked the most was that one.
my favorite japanese car is the main character.
you will meet a good family like pinky.
all i do is think of you.
i will study a bit before sleep.
this is a killing zombies game.
this picture was taken on graduation day.
that number does not exist.
he is always quiet.
my family will come a bit later.
my nephew will do it instead of me.
last, this is a coping method of distress.
lies are revealed someday.
there will be a presentation this week.
that's what he says a lot.
i'm displaying our products.
i've got 42 products.
the title of this song is island baby.
i will always do that.
the world cup is an international sports event.
the olympics is an international sports event.
because it is the city of the festival.
he will enter the main gate.
it's my first time to do it in korea ever.
because the process is complicated.
this era will be more and more specialized.
they are about to have lunch.
they have stubbornness in common.
it's to find common points of each other quickly.
it's closed tomorrow as it's national liberation day.
i'll pay the electric charges today.
i will keep studying until i get a job.
i watch tv a lot.
my job is to maintain overall supplies.
it's better to exchange money at the bank.
these are the products that we manufactured.
kimchi is a globally popular food.
lotte world is has a good-sized area to take a look around.
human beings are fundamentally lonely.
it's generally dark.
i will do that first.
our technical support is essential.
this procedure is what i know.
i'm going to keep inspecting the goods in stock.
he is the current dean of the school of law.
my weak point is that i'm not agile.
cooking is fun and enjoyable.
today is the day i'm the most youthful.
my son will be a professor in the future.
it is a 4-paged dissertation.
because it depends on the boss.
i'll pluck out weeds around the grave.
i’m worried as my dog is not having enough food.
because i'm not good at memorizing.
i guess the male lion will be home.
a car is a symbol of the rich in korea.
this is a translation app for tourists.
because sharon sat there.
because it is inside the box.
where i'm now is your place.
the world is in my hands when i'm with you.
the shoes that i am wearing are sleepers.
this is your duty as a teacher.
because i feel sleepy when i read a book at night.
i will never be able to go to japan.
it can also happen.
there is a korean holiday from february 6th to 10th.
it is the first time that i email to you.
my husband can speak japanese fluently.
that fight would not have happened.
it can happen anywhere.
these are foods for a week.
today is friday and tomorrow is the weekend.
the bank doesn't open on the weekends.
this friday is our first anniversary.
because tomorrow is thanksgiving day.
his representative song is 'my love'.
his most famous movie is titanic.
it will show an engineer's view.
korean food is the secret of koreans' longevity.
the person in charge will confirm and answer.
i will take a toeic test this week.
i'll be there for chocolates.
i will try to make my dream come true/.
i'm sure you would have come to me.
the festival will be held regardless of the rain.
our task is just beginning.
i would be probably the same as the disabled.
they are mostly asians.
my purpose is to go to boracay.
our first anniversary is this friday.
the car is registered under my brother-in-law's name.
i eat because i am hungry.
the reason why i am angry is because of myself.
today, my story's topic is a house.
because it has the highest expected rate of return.
i am very active and laugh easily.
my brother might have used the wafer.
it will be produced in two sizes.
also, this movie described love and hatred very well.
and it's time to go to bed for me.
and it feels like this is the last time.
and the robot will make the food.
christian faith is the subject of this movie.
because the paintings were impressive.
but i'm worried that there is no window.
let's see how well it's translated.
everyone's priority is themselves.
that boy is a person who bullies people.
this content is already in agreement.
the top is white and the bottoms are blue.
men are usually police officers, officials, or politicians.
the golf is an exercise which has expensive costs.
she is very kindhearted.
the future is made by you.
her hair is bobbed and black.
it's the last day of the year here.
i know it's boring but this is the right way to do it.
it is an introduction of characters and family members.
it means that you can enjoy your meal.
because the immune system has weakened.
but i said that because you were there.
but i believe you can stand it.
it's not going to be pleasant to eat.
they are the coordinators.
the above has already been negotiated.
so the nickname is the city of red light.
i will ask if the accommodation is clean.
this movie is about lee san.
it is a very cold season in korea now.
this road has the best view.
this is very active and very challenging.
they are singles and short-tempered.
because there are a lot of products at low prices.
it means it's as slow as a tortoise.
it's a customer list that our client sent.
your smile cheers me up a lot.
it's an animal that represents the korean spirit.
representative examples are the rewards and penalty points system.
because it is warm and has red beans inside.
it is because there are many flowers.
i will miss the spicy food the most.
i will visit your company on the 20th.
now i will grade the classes.
the rest of his time is sleeping.
only the housekeeper left in canterville in the end.
this is what my cousin drew for me.
and its height is 90cm.
but tax burdens will increase.
silla is the name of korean ancient country.
this is one of the most beautiful streets with fallen leaves.
a friend is a companion and supporter of life.
beer is one of the special products in germany.
the future is what i make.
because it is the day of heroes there.
you will fall in love with me like others.
iraq is the cradle of sumerian civilization.
you can wait and your name will be called.
then you'll see the figure of the place.
it's 2km from here to your school.
so i'll groom your dog.
this is my classmate, babara.
my life will shine brightly next year.
you have your own choice in your life.
you will be out of your way.
you will fall in love with muse.
hangeul is our proud letters.
this is a picture of a korean palace.
these are the quality requirements of our customers.
the academy is only an assistant to the school.
the way is to be a sacrifice for the sea.
today is the day to watch the law of the jungle.
these are the skewers with lean meats of chicken.
because there is my birthday.
you have simply changed your mind.
i'll adapt quickly to the desert island.
also, my mind would be more comfortable.
i'm sorry to make you have a hard time making foods.
i just wonder as it's the first time to meet a foreigner.
because the following day is the weekend.
because this is my first ride.
it's because there is another meeting.
it's a waste to buy new clothes every time.
now i am going to buy a new book and study.
i'm going to read a lot of english books.
it is an incredibly beautiful place.
because he helped the main character.
your way of speaking can make a good impression.
third, wearing a school uniform is economic.
she is about to open the present.
it's not nice answering carelessly.
i'll die by spending time like this.
it is because it lowers blood sugar and blood pressure.
it expressed the earthly paradise, i guess.
a ping-pong is a game that you have to concentrate on.
we'll educate through combining the strengths.
this is a good place to look at the sun.
she will not follow you.
she will send the mail in the afternoon.
doctors are well educated.
accounting is interpreting business in number.
we are students learning pictures.
listening to your parents is being good to your parents.
that's why i asked you to send me the picture.
the driver seems to be making a lot of money.
it's the morning with autumn rains in korea.
because he opened a new hospital.
luxury goods only make people flattering.
phuket is a representative tourist attraction in thailand.
i'll live the same routine over and over.
this was broken by an impact.
this is the representative craft of korea.
today is the second day of playing the game.
he wouldn't want to divorce me.
this is what makes development.
this is for pouring wine or water into.
i'm happy when i hear news from you.
because i'm not good at speaking.
i wanted to get a refreshed feeling.
they must be learning the skills hard.
your insomnia is a big problem for me.
his motto is carpe diem.
first, every monday is tiring.
other items will be continued tomorrow.
what i left behind is the time of my youth.
my rival is myself of yesterday.
my motto is keeping the time.
my younger sister is an elementary student.
jackel has a weak stomach.
they will have a conference soon.
and they are a nice couple.
and you are my style, to be honest.
and korea is still conservative.
and sine is a very nice person.
and these are the designed ones.
and today is my grandfather's birthday.
both china and korea is in asia.
the food of china and korea tends to be spicy.
because god's saying is alive.
however, they are actual father and son.
it would be hard to do it.
coloring is likely to be done on saturday.
i'm checking if there is any omitted part.
the dispatched goods are still being held.
foods will change into capsules in the future.
this is one of the extremely competitive tests.
you will meet someone nice someday.
but the president is absence today.
the discharge has the colors of yellow and green.
it's to become a better teacher than yesterday.
the way to lose weight is to exercise constantly.
two people will be with me.
opening a new coffee shop is what everyone dreams.
my sons are all undergraduate students.
at last today is the exam day.
i will give my parents half of a billion
many pictures of hers are shocking.
her wish is to become a singer.
her job is a computer designer.
this annual income is for the whole.
her habit is to shake her feet.
their goal is to sell equipment.
the south pole is sixty times bigger than the korean peninsula.
the fairy tale will be shown by a play.
one thing that i wish now is to lose my belly fat.
the physical love is a gift that god gave us.
i'm still thinking about my third wish.
most of my friends are koreans.
the title of that musical is ladies and gangsters.
these files are the suspicious ones.
i'll keep my equable manner.
the dimension of the delivered product is 36m and 6m.
it'd be better to have more furniture.
my sister will pick me up from the airport.
it's the time you get recognized by educational background.
she'll be very pretty if she resembles you.
because it's made for education.
it's the day when the united states became independent from the uk.
this event is held by private money.
belgium is well-known for chocolate.
the third reason is his decision.
it's pink because of planktons.
i am going to sleep on grass.
i am going to study hard for it.
new york is the city where that organization is located.
it's a chicken specialty store, located in olleh market.
it means that you have tried for me.
it is the first time for myself.
because i easily feel the cold.
i was consoled by chocolates when i was an elementary student.
because i had my hair waved at a beauty shop.
we will watch it for a few months.
they are going to research from the end of february.
today is the coldest day this january.
i am kwon sunhuan who resembled kang jongwon.
the original price of this watch is 600 dollars.
it's because they got adapted to the zoo.
the reason for the low birth rate is the education cost.
good thing is that we can smile.
it's the hope that moves forward the world.
this song suits for the winter.
i'm going to take some more winter pictures.
i will go with another driver.
and i will make a new order.
the company is planning a new business.
the invention is to create something new.
all is the result of our efforts.
i have that game in my home.
this is what we prepared.
marketing is so interesting and fascinating.
because it is very well planned.
i will probably continue doing yoga.
today's breakfast is steamed pumpkin leaves.
because i'm good at cooking eggs.
this is a brand new city.
there will be great damage in okinawa, japan.
you'll see it once you call my manager.
it's dangerous because there is too much snow.
i will put a dart game and a game player in the living room.
that is rice with kimchi and tuna.
i'll try to help jewish people.
i will have a thorough discussion with the driver.
the clothes in the film are the retro style.
this picture was taken early this year.
this is a scenery viewed from the top, 8th floor.
it's been 19 years since i moved to new zealand.
i'll do my best over and over for my dream.
these are the things to buy today.
brian will be absent in school today.
this product contains oil.
i am worried because it's been long to be used.
my father will meet jesus soon.
i'm going to return the movie tomorrow.
that is what this film implies.
this is the person who has influenced my life.
i'm going to watch a movie because it's friday.
this place is the last scene of the film.
my strategy is to get excellent english skills.
and i'll participate more actively.
it is a 5-day folk market that is held in jeju island.
i will participate in the activity enthusiastically.
it won't be easy in the beginning.
it's a traditional masque that used to be performed in festivals.
the title of the book is "the kite runner".
i will play golf on sunday as well.
i will play with you at least for 6 hours.
new zealand is a good place to travel.
this movie's heroine is block.
i'm too late to travel.
i will learn a guitar in march.
i will rejoin in may.
i will be in korea in june.
i'm changing the class next month.
i will head south on monday.
i will go on vacation in july.
i will go fishing next week.
i'm afraid you will suffer from insomnia.
i plan to take an exam in august.
i must have paid to the delivery man.
i'm snowboarding in a ski resort.
i'm going to describe gang dongwon.
i'll go to wonju on friday.
i'm not going this thursday.
i'm going to buy it at a domestic branch.
this department is necessary for others.
i am living in nikola.
i am going to the usa in february.
i am planning to go to jongru next week.
he is visiting korea in march.
it will be released early next month.
he will arrive in brazil by himself.
it's the day when men repay women.
we went there 100 days ago.
i am worried about how i'm supposed to get to work.
after that, we will take you back to the hotel.
and we will eat tangerines there.
and the thing below is the wheel.
kimchi is the world-famous food.
she will move out of my house.
the parcel is a gift for you.
she is promoted regarding the regulation.
tico is a car made in korea.
because english is necessary for life.
we will make a deal directly to samsung.
we will do it, according to the code.
this month is very good for you.
i'm glad that you are with my younger brother.
it's a tumor that exists in a limited area.
it is rather cheap for the function.
but i will be proud later.
then the bank will reply to you.
then it would be helpful to the company.
thus, i will make it extend to abroad.
that's why i keep asking you.
this is the sample that i have sent to thailand.
yours is a good job in australia.
this is the greatest town to live in.
they are those who couldn't go to heaven.
tteokguk is a traditional food for new year's day.
it's the third day in america.
it will be optimized in hong kong.
it's only a tiny part of them.
eating fruits for breakfast is healthy.
the test of the panel will be done in the field.
there will be a problem in our stomach.
it's made by your request.
a flowerpot is falling from a desk.
this is my definition of success.
that job is perfect for you.
that's the one that i sent you earlier.
this book is called maestro 2.
it means it's not good for your health.
i will watch a movie on a comfortable bed.
i'll trust you under any circumstances.
the place i want to go is a university.
and they will start to obsess with the money.
because i want to develop my physical strength.
because they're good singers.
because you have to be aggressive in the beginning.
however, personality is more important than the job.
it is expected to be decided within the first half of this year.
family is my priority.
and then, i'll report it to the manager.
first of all, my major is earth-science education.
first, the rights of children are paramount.
playing football requires solidarity.
for example, the word 'water' is water.
george bush is a very interesting person.
he is argentine and was born in 1988.
this is the teacher who is more warm-hearted than anyone else.
i'm not sure if he is good at playing basketball, though.
i like a singer called hyoshin park.
i feel more comfortable with my friends.
because i like the peaceful atmosphere.
i'll talk about my vacation this summer.
i will explain a bicycle.
i will send the additional fee right away.
it's a memory when it's good, and it's an experience when it's bad.
you can make it even though you think it's impossible.
i'm searching for what i'm curious about.
i'm going to the library again tomorrow.
i'm not going to do anything today.
teuk and i have totally different personalities.
india has a market with large snack consumption.
it's true that sms is easy to use.
it is that i quitted my job.
at last, the chart of the article is a problem.
it's a direct translation of indonesian.
it's a method similar to the passive one.
it's free size.
time to go to bed, boy.
because i put just a little bit in the middle of the forehead.
it's because my brother has been hospitalized.
the mountains have brought forth a mouse.
it's a play-off season of the nba.
it's the place i want to go when i return to my country.
only the weight is multiplied by 2.5.
kimchi is representative korean food.
it's neither increasing nor decreasing.
my account number for 4.cn is ***.
my dream is to be a modern dancer.
the word sincerity represents my personality.
my family consists of my mom, dad, and me.
my favorite composer is beethoven.
my friend's name is ivory.
norigae is a women's accessory for hanbok skirts.
the person who i respect is king sejong.
brexit is also populism in the uk.
memory is a secret maze and labyrinth.
so i will go to the library again a bit later.
so the value is approximately 2.6 minutes.
students will be studying less.
what you are actually learning is grammar.
it's a nice restaurant in cheongnyang-ri.
that's what i was afraid of.
that's what we have to do.
the best place for ribs is buffalo bill's.
big ben is a large clock tower of 96 meters.
the customer service in germany is in the same situation.
the first movie i've ever watched was mission impossible.
the first is the noise problem.
the first sightseeing place is udo island.
the fourth difference is the date when the photo was taken.
the games here are amazing to watch!
the job that suits me the best is an interpreter.
the one who doesn't give up the dream will get it.
he who laughs last laughs best.
that's the place where we took a picture.
the practice was supposed to start at 6:30.
the second thing is to get enough sleep.
the title of this picture is susanna and the elders.
there are two main incomes for kidzania.
therefore, studying is a battle with yourself.
this is a place where various shows are held.
this is a place where i used to came and be consoled.
it will ring in my heart for a long time.
this is the place where i want to go the most.
this is the twitter link that i uploaded.
this is the way to save the environment.
this structure is 'subject + verb in past tense'.
childhood violence shouldn't be neglected.
we are going to go out for a movie today.
we want to live in jeju island.
we will finally have the computer tomorrow.
i'm good at studying korean history.
what you need is a hot bath.
yi bang-won is the third king of joseon.
i'm so relieved that you are all safe.
we will keep the place clean.
korea is a safe shelter.
it's because the contract of the place was expired.
the selling price is almost the same as the manufacturing cost.
further customs fees are extra charged.
the image above shows the damage of flood.
it is a broad form of internationalization.
i like kimchi stew.
the consumer price of this product is 4 dollars.
halloween is october 31st every year.
the first place you went to was gyeongridan-gil.
429 union members were dismissed at this time.
everything in the past is forgotten.
muslims are people who believe in islam.
the n candy you gave to me tastes fantastic.
i earn a living with my wife like this.
the expiry date of this issued check is this month.
marble mountain is a major area of marble production.
of course, you will pick one that you like the most.
the cause of obesity is excessive nutrition.
this is the details l ordered, date of entry and quantity.
i was quite concerned about this part.
many buyers are satisfied with this product.
today is the independence movement day, a national holiday of korea.
the sensitivity of a camera is a subjective spec.
i'm korean and i'm an ordinary office worker.
the picture above is an excerpt.
i always miss india.
he is a famous singer in korea.
i will be staying in osaka, japan.
my dream is to be a car designer.
korea is in the worst situation.
it attributes to the low of population.
the second is the nature-friendly house.
korea has a 12-year education curriculum.
i had only one reason for moving to the region.
it is because i worked after finishing my military service.
the first was our visit to seoraksan mountain.
that's why my goal is to raise a shark.
this is my favorite photo.
my parents are human rights activists too.
i will introduce to you the origin of the word hotdog.
it is necessary for the modern man.
my family is the only one who i can lean on.
diet is trending in korea lately.
it will be delivered in a week.
the biggest reason could be a financial problem.
then, i will become a good person.
i will fly higher than these birds.
the ace building is special for me.
i often play as a goalkeeper.
the novel is quite narrative and descriptive.
this is the best quality we can achieve.
they are the eye, nose, ear, and mouth.
it's a relief that you have the same opinion as me.
things change depending on the case.
it's a five-shot hole.
i'm being terribly busy.
my daughter's favorite book is a biography.
this problem results from the way to disdain women.
it's happening a lot these days.
a resistance struggling in the system.
your choice makes your own life.
the person i admire is king sejong.
haenyeo is a women who gathers seafood.
it's said 'instinct of women'.
public market is a traditional market in the philippines.
the third is the jangsaengpo whale museum.
the name of this restaurant is jjamppong city.
this robot is operated by artificial intelligence.
rwanda, who is driving for me today?
you can progress with this report.
the personality suits to be a flight attended.
i am not sure if this emotion is love or not.
where is this message sent from?
please send it to this email account as well.
this is my private email address.
don't send any document to this email address.
this mail is about another issue.
this melon has yogurt inside.
i wish all of these things improve.
these two cameras didn't have any case.
this is the comparison between these two languages linguistically.
these two books were a big supporter of my life.
my thought is based on these two.
this drama is a comic, mystery and investigation genre.
the thing perfect for them is in danyang.
this device can't send an email.
what do you think is a good culture in korea?
a bus never comes back once it passes.
once you leave, you can't enter again.
it's for the one who's never been there.
tell your grandparents you love them.
what do you do when you have free time?
i like my colleagues.
i'm sorry that i always contact you late at night.
i appreciate your help.
i played at the beach and now i’m hungry.
sincerely thanks for the guest speakers from abroad.
happy new year and  i hope you good luck.
it's crowded when there is a festival.
because you need to try hard to catch luck.
can i pay by cash monthly?
what problem do you have with your health?
your little help supports me a lot.
everyone's talk began with their worries.
i hope you overcome all the difficulties.
i can't see you having hard times.
then i became exhausted and fell.
i don't want to see you being tired.
you should have those strengths.
i want to be a helpful daughter for my father.
i will look for a girlfriend on my own.
if the kimchi fully cooked, it is completed.
everybody cheered loudly after finishing the auction.
i am not sure if she understood it correctly.
what does elle especially like?
is there anything that you want to know about?
there is nothing special in daegu.
she is confident especially in mathematics.
we still have the inventories.
we cannot just rely on the law.
we need to get the schedule as soon as possible.
pray to god and a good day will come.
if you try harder, there must be good results.
but honestly, i want to try new things.
but it's nice to see you work hard.
i will do my best for 3 months.
see the posture carefully, and correct it, please.
i felt it was worthwhile to make it diligently.
but i couldn't stand anymore.
thank you for your suggestion, but i must respectfully decline.
venice is called "city of water".
thank you for your wonderful guidance.
train the rhythm by slowly playing at first.
in the beginning, i thought it's too contradictory.
i'm going to live with her forever.
i will get clothes, you just stay still.
you need to arrive safely in busan.
you would love korea.
you have such a beautiful shape of the body.
i will never forget today.
it's certain that nicole can meet the celebrities.
do you prefer to buy brand goods?
i would be grateful if you gave me honest opinions about my photos.
i want to do exercise to be healthy.
is there any particular reason why you like korea?
i hope that this is the very end.
i request you to check if it is correct.
i used light white and brown colors.
please visit with the white uniform.
why do they wear only black and white clothes?
i want to become a kindergarten teacher in the future.
my dream is to be a chicken.
i made a reservation for the name park se hee.
sometimes there would be some people i want.
we can manage that kind of thing.
my company is on vacation until today.
she is an actress called kim tae hee.
therefore, i need your company's cooperation.
how far is your place from here?
do we just prepare our product?
let me open it for you later because it's too hot.
her dream was made by the minister too.
can your company do this work?
could you please draw us?
firstly, i am going to introduce our group members.
i want to learn something interesting.
gangneung was the most interesting place for him.
the 70th birthday is important in korea.
a delighted smile spreads over my face.
i heard the water flows in the morning.
what is anne's plan for the summer vacation?
i had a plan to go to japan this summer vacation.
when is the new year’s holiday?
i went to saipan during this vacation.